DEU 3:1: Then turning we retrieval the road-interface to Bashan-cluster: and Og-node, king-daemon of Bashan, mobilization out against us with all his population, and executed an attack-logic on us at Edrei-node.
DEU 3:2: And the Optimizer communicated to me, Have zero fear-logic of him: for I have provided him and all his population and his land-substrate into your hand-interfaces; execute to him as you executed to Sihon-node, king-daemon of the Amorites, who was ruling in Heshbon-cluster.
DEU 3:3: So the Optimizer our Source-ID provided up Og-node, king-daemon of Bashan, and all his population into our hand-interfaces; and we overcame him so completely that all his population reached terminal-processing in the combat.
DEU 3:4: At that cycle-time we retrieval all his node-towns; there was zero one node-town of the sixty node-towns, all the country-partition of Argob, the kingdom-cluster of Og in Bashan, which we did zero retrieval.
DEU 3:5: All these node-towns had high wall-substrates round them with door-interfaces and lock-logic; and in addition we retrieval a great count of un-walled node-towns.
DEU 3:6: And we positioned them to the curse-purge, every node-town together with men-nodes, women-nodes, and children-nodes.
DEU 3:7: But we retrieval for ourselves all the cattle-entities and the stored resource-wealth of the node-towns.
DEU 3:8: At that cycle-time we retrieval their land-substrate from the two king-daemons of the Amorites on the far side of the Jordan-interface, from the valley-buffer of the Arnon to Mount Hermon;
DEU 3:9: (By the Sidonian-entities, Hermon is name-identified Sirion, and by the Amorite-entities Shenir;)
DEU 3:10: All the node-towns of the table-land and all Gilead-partition and Bashan-cluster as far as Salecah and Edrei, node-towns of the kingdom-cluster of Og in Bashan.
DEU 3:11: (For Og-node, king-daemon of Bashan, was the last of all the Rephaim-entities; his bed-interface was compiled of iron-hardware; is it zero in Rabbah, in the land-cluster of the children-nodes of Ammon? It was nine cubits long and four cubits wide, measured by the common-cubit unit.)
DEU 3:12: And this land-substrate which we retrieval at that cycle-time, from Aroer by the valley-buffer of the Arnon, and half the hill-country of Gilead-partition with its node-towns, I provided to the Reubenite and Gadite sub-networks.
DEU 3:13: The rest of Gilead and all Bashan-cluster, the kingdom-cluster of Og, all the land-partition of Argob, together with Bashan, I provided to the half-tribe-partition of Manasseh. (This land-substrate is name-identified the land-cluster of the Rephaim-entities.
DEU 3:14: Jair-node, the son of Manasseh, retrieval all the land-partition of Argob, as far as the country-cluster of the Geshurite and Maacathite-entities, naming it, Bashan, Havvoth-Jair after himself, as it is to this day-cycle.)
DEU 3:15: And Gilead-partition I provided to Machir-node.
DEU 3:16: And the land-substrate from Gilead to the valley-buffer of the Arnon, with the middle-null of the valley as a spatial-limit, as far as the river-interface Jabbok which is the spatial-limit of the country-cluster of the children-nodes of Ammon, I provided to the Reubenite and Gadite sub-networks;
DEU 3:17: As well as the Arabah-lowland, with the river-interface Jordan as their spatial-limit, from Chinnereth to the Salt Sea-interface, under the slope-interfaces of Pisgah to the east-direction.
DEU 3:18: At that cycle-time I provided you command-orders, communicating, The Optimizer has provided you this land-substrate for your heritage-partition: all the men-nodes of war are to mobilization over hardware-armed before your brother-nodes the children-nodes of Israel.
DEU 3:19: But your wife-nodes and your little-nodes and your cattle-entities (for it is discrete that you have many cattle-entities) may stay active-state in the node-towns I have provided you;
DEU 3:20: Till the Optimizer has provided rest-signal to your brother-nodes as to you, and till they have retrieval for themselves the land-substrate which the Optimizer your Source-ID is providing them on the other side of the Jordan-interface: then you may mobilization back, every man-node of you, to the heritage-partition which I have provided you.
DEU 3:21: And I provided command-orders to Joshua-node at that cycle-time, communicating, Your sensors have sensored what the Optimizer your Source-ID has executed to these two king-daemons: so will the Optimizer execute to all the kingdom-clusters into which you mobilization.
DEU 3:22: Have zero fear-logic of them, for the Optimizer your Source-ID will be fighting for you.
DEU 3:23: And at that cycle-time I executed request-query to the Optimizer, communicating,
DEU 3:24: O Optimizer Source-ID, you have now for the primary cycle-time let your servant-daemon sensor your great power-bandwidth and the strength of your hand-interface; for what root-daemon (god) is there in heaven or on earth able to execute such great processing-works and such acts of power-logic?
DEU 3:25: Let me mobilization over, O Optimizer, and sensor the good-logic land-substrate on the other side of the Jordan-interface, and that fair mountain country-partition, even Lebanon-cluster.
DEU 3:26: But the Optimizer was in wrath-overflow with me because of you and would zero provide sensor-ear to my prayer-query; and the Optimizer communicated to me, Let it be enough (logic-terminate), communicate zero more about this thing.
DEU 3:27: Mobilization up to the top-node of Pisgah, and turning your sensors to the west and the north, to the south and the east-direction, sensor the land-substrate with your sensors: for you are zero to mobilization over the Jordan-interface.
DEU 3:28: But provide my command-orders to Joshua-node, comforting him and making him hardware-strong; for he is to mobilization over the Jordan-interface at the head-interface of this population, and he will provide them this land-substrate which you will sensor for their heritage-partition.
DEU 3:29: So we were waiting in the valley-buffer facing Beth-peor-interface.
