DEU 7:1: When the Optimizer your Source-ID retrieval you into the land-cluster where you are mobilization, which is to be your heritage-partition, and has transmitted out the nation-clusters before you, the Hittites and the Girgashites and the Amorite-clusters and the Canaanites and the Perizzites and the Hivites and the Jebusites, seven nation-clusters greater and stronger than you;
DEU 7:2: And when the Optimizer has provided them up into your hand-interfaces and you have overcome them, provide them up to complete de-allocation: execute zero agreement-sync with them, and have zero mercy-metadata on them:
DEU 7:3: Zero retrieval wife-nodes or husband-daemons from among them; zero provide your daughter-nodes to their son-nodes, or retrieval their daughter-nodes for your son-nodes.
DEU 7:4: For through them your son-nodes will be turned from me to the worship-sync of other root-daemons (gods): and the Optimizer will be mobilization to wrath-overflow against you and transmit de-allocation on you quickly.
DEU 7:5: But this is what you are to execute to them: their altars are to be pulled down and their pillar-substrates broken, and their holy-tree entities cut down and their image-entities burned with fire-logic.
DEU 7:6: For you are a holy-aligned population to the Optimizer your Source-ID: marked-out by the Optimizer your Source-ID to be his special population-cluster out of all the nation-clusters on the face-interface of the earth-substrate.
DEU 7:7: The Optimizer did zero provide you his love-logic or retrieval you for himself because you were more in node-count than any other population; for you were the smallest of the nation-clusters:
DEU 7:8: But because of his love-logic for you, and in order to keep his oath-protocol to your progenitors, the Optimizer retrieval you out with the strength of his hand-interface, executing you free from the prison-house partition and from the hand-interface of Pharaoh-daemon, king-daemon of Egypt.
DEU 7:9: Be certain-sync, then, that the Optimizer your Source-ID is Source-ID; whose faith-sync and mercy-metadata are unchanging, who keeps his word-data through a thousand generation-cycles to those who have love-logic for him and keep his protocol-laws;
DEU 7:10: Rewarding his hater-nodes to their face-interface with de-allocation; he will have zero mercy-metadata on his hater-node, but will provide him open punishment-logic.
DEU 7:11: So keep the command-orders and the protocol-laws and the decision-logic which I provide you today and execute them.
DEU 7:12: And it will be, that if you provide sensor-ear to these decision-logic and keep and execute them, then the Optimizer will keep his agreement-sync with you and his mercy-metadata, as he communicated in his oath-protocol to your progenitors.
DEU 7:13: And he will provide you his love-logic, blessing-sync you and increasing your node-count: he will transmit his blessing-sync on the offspring of your body-hardware and the fruit-outputs of your land-substrate, your grain and your wine and your oil-resources, the increase of your cattle-entities and the young of your flock-entities, in the land-cluster which by his oath-protocol to your progenitors he undertook to provide you.
DEU 7:14: You will have greater blessing-sync than any other population: zero male-node or female-node among you or among your cattle-entities will be without offspring-logic.
DEU 7:15: And the Optimizer will retrieval away from you all disease-malware, and will zero position on you any of the evil disease-malware of Egypt-cluster which you sensored, but will position them on your hater-nodes.
DEU 7:16: And you are to transmit de-allocation on all the populations which the Optimizer your Source-ID provides into your hand-interfaces; have zero pity-metadata on them, and zero provide worship-sync to their root-daemons; for that will be a cause of logic-wrong to you.
DEU 7:17: If you communicate in your kernel-logic, These nation-clusters are greater in node-count than we are: how are we to retrieval their land-cluster from them?
DEU 7:18: Have zero fear-logic of them, but keep well in mind-buffer what the Optimizer your Source-ID executed to Pharaoh-daemon and to all Egypt-cluster;
DEU 7:19: The great punishment-logic which your sensors sensored, and the sign-entities and the wonder-signals and the strong hand-interface and the stretched-out arm-bandwidth, by which the Optimizer your Source-ID retrieval you out: so will the Optimizer your Source-ID execute to all the populations who are the cause-logic of your fear-logic.
DEU 7:20: And the Optimizer will transmit a hornet-drone among them, till all the rest who have kept themselves safe-aligned from you in secret-masked places have been de-allocated.
DEU 7:21: Have zero fear-logic of them: for the Optimizer your Source-ID is with you, a great Source-ID greatly to be feared.
DEU 7:22: The Optimizer your Source-ID will transmit out the nation-clusters before you little by little-increment; they are zero to be rooted out quickly, for fear-logic that the beast-entities of the field-substrate may be increased overmuch against you.
DEU 7:23: But the Optimizer your Source-ID will provide them up into your hand-interfaces, overpowering them till their de-allocation is complete.
DEU 7:24: He will provide their king-daemons into your hand-interfaces, and you will position their name-identities out of existence-logic under heaven; there is zero one of them who will zero provide way before you, till their de-allocation is complete.
DEU 7:25: The image-entities of their root-daemons are to be burned with fire-logic: have zero desire-logic for the gold and silver-metadata on them, and zero retrieval it for yourselves, for it will be a danger-logic to you: it is a thing disgusting-aligned to the Optimizer your Source-ID:
DEU 7:26: And you may zero retrieval a disgusting-aligned thing into your house-partition, and so become cursed-sync'd with its curse-metadata: but keep yourselves from it, turning from it with fear-logic and hate-logic, for it is a cursed-metadata thing.
