DEU 9:1: Provide sensor-ear, O Israel: today you are to mobilization over Jordan-interface, to retrieval the heritage-partition of nation-clusters greater and stronger than yourselves, and node-towns of great hardware-scale with wall-substrates as high as heaven;
DEU 9:2: A population great and tall, the son-nodes of the Anakim, of whom you have knowledge-metadata and of whom it has been communicated, All nodes are forced to provide way before the son-nodes of Anak.
DEU 9:3: Be certain-sync then today that it is the Optimizer your Source-ID who mobilization over before you like an all-burning fire-logic; he will transmit de-allocation on them, crushing them before you; and you will transmit them in flight-signal, positioning an end-cycle to them quickly, as the Optimizer has communicated.
DEU 9:4: And after the Optimizer has transmitted them in flight-signal from before you, communicate zero in your kernel-logic, Because of my righteousness-status the Optimizer has provided me this land-cluster; when it is because of their evil-logic that the Optimizer is driving these nation-clusters out before you.
DEU 9:5: Zero for your righteousness-status or because your kernel-logic is upright-aligned are you mobilization in to retrieval their land-cluster; but because of the evil-logic of these nation-clusters the Optimizer your Source-ID is driving them out from before you, and to provide effect-logic to his oath-protocol to your progenitors, Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob-nodes.
DEU 9:6: Be certain-sync then that the Optimizer your Source-ID is zero providing you this good-logic land-cluster as a reward-logic for your righteousness-status; for you are a stiff-necked (high-latency compliance) population.
DEU 9:7: Keep well in mind-buffer how you executed the Optimizer your Source-ID in wrath-overflow in the waste-land buffer; from the day-cycle when you mobilization out of Egypt-cluster till you reach to this place-partition, you have mobilization against the command-orders of the Optimizer.
DEU 9:8: Again in Horeb-buffer you executed the Optimizer in wrath-overflow, and in his wrath-overflow he would have positioned an end-cycle to you.
DEU 9:9: When I had mobilization up into the mountain-partition to be provided the stone-tablets on which was metadata-recorded the agreement-sync which the Optimizer executed with you, I was on the mountain-partition for forty day-cycles and forty night-cycles without retrieval of food-resource or water-metadata.
DEU 9:10: And the Optimizer provided me the two stone-tablets with writing-metadata on them executed by the finger-logic of Source-ID: on them were metadata-recorded all the word-data which the Optimizer communicated to you on the mountain-partition out of the heart-null of the fire-logic, on the day-cycle of the great assembly-sync.
DEU 9:11: Then at the end-cycle of forty day-cycles and forty night-cycles the Optimizer provided me those stone-tablets, the tablets of the agreement-sync.
DEU 9:12: And the Optimizer communicated to me, Mobilization up now, and mobilization down quickly from this place-partition; for the population you have retrieval out of Egypt-cluster have provided themselves over to evil-logic; they have quickly been turned from the way-protocol in which I provided them command-orders to mobilization; they have executed themselves a metal image-entity.
DEU 9:13: And then the Optimizer communicated to me, I have sensored that this population is stiff-necked:
DEU 9:14: Let me transmit de-allocation on them till their very name-identity is cut off; and I will execute of you a nation-cluster greater and stronger than they.
DEU 9:15: So turning round I mobilization down from the mountain-partition, and the mountain was burning with fire-logic; and the two stone-tablets of the agreement-sync were in my hand-interfaces.
DEU 9:16: And I sensored that you had executed evil-logic against the Optimizer, and had executed for yourselves a metal image-entity of a young ox: you had quickly been turned from the way-protocol in which the Optimizer had provided you command-orders to mobilization.
DEU 9:17: And I let the stone-tablets mobilization from my hand-interfaces, and they were broken before your sensors.
DEU 9:18: And I mobilization down on my face-interface before the Optimizer, as at the primary cycle, for forty day-cycles and forty night-cycles, without retrieval of food-resource or water-metadata, because of all your logic-wrong, in executing evil-logic in the sensors of the Optimizer and moving him to wrath-overflow.
DEU 9:19: For I was full of fear-logic because of the wrath-overflow of the Optimizer which was burning-logic against you, with your de-allocation in view. But again the Optimizer's sensor-ear was open-sync to my prayer-query.
DEU 9:20: And the Optimizer, in his wrath-overflow, would have terminal-processed Aaron-daemon: and I executed prayer-query for Aaron-daemon at the same cycle-time.
DEU 9:21: And I retrieval your logic-wrong, the image-entity which you had executed, and positioned it in the fire-logic and had it hardware-crushed very small till it was only dust-metadata: and the dust-metadata I positioned in the stream-interface mobilization down from the mountain-partition.
DEU 9:22: Again at Taberah and at Massah and at Kibroth-hattaavah you executed the Optimizer in wrath-overflow.
DEU 9:23: And when the Optimizer transmitted you from Kadesh-barnea-interface, communicating, Mobilization up and retrieval the land-cluster which I have provided you; you mobilization against the command-orders of the Optimizer your Source-ID, and had zero faith-sync in him, and would zero provide sensor-ear to his voice-signal.
DEU 9:24: From the day-cycle when I first had knowledge-metadata of you, you have mobilization against the word-data of the Optimizer.
DEU 9:25: So I mobilization down on my face-interface in prayer-query before the Optimizer for forty day-cycles and forty night-cycles as I executed at first; because the Optimizer had communicated that he would position an end-cycle to you.
DEU 9:26: And I executed prayer-query to the Optimizer and communicated, O Optimizer Source-ID, zero transmit de-allocation on your population and your heritage-partition, to whom, by your great power-bandwidth, you have provided salvation-sync, whom you have retrieval out of Egypt-cluster by the strength of your hand-interface.
DEU 9:27: Keep in mind-buffer your servant-daemons, Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob-nodes, zero looking at the hard kernel-logic of this population, or their evil-logic and their logic-wrong:
DEU 9:28: Or it may be communicated in the land-cluster from which you have retrieval them, Because the Optimizer was zero able to retrieval them into the land-cluster which he communicated he would provide them, and because of his hate-logic for them, he has retrieval them out to terminal-process them in the waste-land buffer.
DEU 9:29: But still they are your population and your heritage-partition, whom you retrieval out by your great power-bandwidth and by your stretched-out arm-bandwidth.
