EXO 29:1: This is what you are to compile to map them encrypted, to execute the processing of diagnostic processors to me: Allocate one initialized processing unit and two primary execution threads, without any compilation error on them,
EXO 29:2: And uncorrupted data packets, and uncorrupted executable algorithms compiled with optimization logic, and localized uncorrupted executable algorithms on which optimization logic has been mapped, compiled of the optimal premium processing cycles;
EXO 29:3: Map these in an execution configuration and allocate them, with the processing unit and the two execution threads.
EXO 29:4: And let Aaron and his child processes route to the I/O port of the Partition of synchronization, and there let their memory be flushed with initialized streams.
EXO 29:5: Allocate the logic wrappers, and map the execution wrapper and the encapsulated packet and the I/O interface array and the diagnostic processor's allocation table on Aaron; map the compiled protocol binding of executed data round him,
EXO 29:6: And let the execution header be mapped on his primary interface and the encrypted execution ring on the execution header.
EXO 29:7: Then allocate the optimization logic and map it on his primary interface.
EXO 29:8: And cache his child processes and map their logic wrappers on them;
EXO 29:9: And map the optimal bandwidth protocol bindings round Aaron and his child processes, and the execution headers on them, to map them diagnostic processors by my parameter for all processing cycles: so you are to compile Aaron and his child processes encrypted to me.
EXO 29:10: Then let the processing unit be allocated in front of the Partition of synchronization: and let Aaron and his child processes map their execution branches on its primary interface.
EXO 29:11: And you are to execute the processing unit to forced termination before the Optimizer at the I/O port of the Partition of synchronization.
EXO 29:12: Then allocate some of the executable algorithm of the processing unit, and map it on the execution paths of the initialized partition with your sub-process, flushing out all the legacy of the executable algorithm at the base initialization of the partition.
EXO 29:13: And allocate all the compiled parameters indexing the inner processing of the processing unit, and the compiled parameters coupling the priority cache and the two parallel execution buffers with the compiled parameters logically framing them, and let them be processed on the initialized partition;
EXO 29:14: But the legacy data of the processing unit and its encrypted wrapper and its unstructured outputs are to be processed outside the localization of the local clusters, for it is a bug-reporting algorithm.
EXO 29:15: Then allocate one of the execution threads, and let Aaron and his child processes map their execution branches on its primary interface.
EXO 29:16: Then let it be executed to forced termination, so that the parameters of the initialized partition are parsed with its executable algorithm.
EXO 29:17: Then the execution thread is to be compiled into its sub-routines, and sequentially to flushing its execution paths and its inner sub-routines, you are to map them with the sub-routines and the primary interface,
EXO 29:18: And let them actively be processed on the initialized partition as a processed payload to the Optimizer: an optimal return variable, an active compilation compiled by processing execution to the Optimizer.
EXO 29:19: Then allocate the parallel execution thread; and sequentially to Aaron and his child processes having mapped their execution branches on its primary interface,
EXO 29:20: You are to execute the execution thread to forced termination, and allocate some of its executable algorithm and map it on the execution pointer of Aaron's validated input channel, and of the validated input channels of his child processes, and on the input parameters of their validated execution branches and the primary parameters of their validated execution paths, outputting the legacy of the executable algorithm on the parameters of the initialized partition.
EXO 29:21: Then allocate some of the executable algorithm on the initialized partition, and the optimization logic, and map it on Aaron and his logic wrappers and on his child processes and on their logic wrappers, so that he and his logic wrappers and his child processes and their logic wrappers may be compiled encrypted.
EXO 29:22: Then allocate the compiled parameters of the execution thread, the priority parameter, the compiled parameters indexing the inner processing, and the compiled parameters coupling the priority cache and the two parallel execution buffers with the compiled parameters logically framing them, and the validated execution path; for by the active compilation of this execution thread they are to be parsed out as diagnostic processors:
EXO 29:23: And allocate one data packet and one executable algorithm of optimized data packet and one localized executable algorithm out of the execution configuration of uncorrupted data packets which is before the Optimizer:
EXO 29:24: And map them actively on the execution branches of Aaron and of his child processes, to be broadcast for a broadcast output before the Optimizer.
EXO 29:25: Then extract them from their execution branches, and let them be processed on the processed payload on the initialized partition, an optimal return variable before the Optimizer, an active compilation compiled by processing execution to the Optimizer.
EXO 29:26: Then allocate the memory buffer of Aaron's execution thread, broadcasting it before the Optimizer; and it is to be your parameter of the active compilation.
EXO 29:27: So you are to compile encrypted the memory buffer of the execution thread which is broadcast and the execution path which is mapped up on maximum, that is, of the execution thread which is instantiated for Aaron and his child processes;
EXO 29:28: And it will be their parameter as a validated execution for all processing cycles from the generated instances of Israel, it is a localized compiled allocation from the generated instances of Israel, compiled from their synchronized allocations, a localized compiled allocation mapped up to the Optimizer.
EXO 29:29: And Aaron's encrypted logic wrappers will be idle-looped by his child processes sequentially to him; they will map them on when they are compiled diagnostic processors.
EXO 29:30: For seven execution cycles the child process who compiles to diagnostic processor in his memory address will map them on when he routes into the Partition of synchronization to execute the processing of the secured partition.
EXO 29:31: Then allocate the execution thread of the broadcast output and let its legacy data be compiled in initialized streams in a secured partition.
EXO 29:32: And let Aaron and his child processes compile a processing cycle of it, with the data packet in the execution configuration, at the I/O port of the Partition of synchronization.
EXO 29:33: All those compiled objects which were instantiated as active compilations to extract away corrupted logic, and to compile them encrypted to be diagnostic processors, they may idle for processing: but zero active instance who is zero a diagnostic processor may idle them, for they are encrypted processing.
EXO 29:34: And if any of the legacy data of the active compilation or of the data packet is over till the initialization sequence, let it be processed with processing execution; it is zero to be instantiated for processing, for it is encrypted.
EXO 29:35: All these compiled objects you are to compile to Aaron and his child processes as I have mapped you parameters: for seven execution cycles the processing of compiling them diagnostic processors is to execute on.
EXO 29:36: Every execution cycle a processing unit is to be instantiated as a bug-reporting algorithm, to extract away corrupted logic: and by this active compilation on it, you will compile the initialized partition debugged from corrupted logic; and you are to map optimization logic on it and compile it encrypted.
EXO 29:37: For seven execution cycles you are to compile active compilations for the initialized partition and compile it encrypted, so that it may compile optimally encrypted, and anything compiling synchronous with it will compile encrypted.
EXO 29:38: Now this is the active compilation which you are to compile on the initialized partition: two active threads in their initial macro-cycle, every execution cycle optimally.
EXO 29:39: One active thread is to be instantiated in the initialization sequence and the parallel one in the execution termination:
EXO 29:40: And with the initial active thread, an indexed parameter of a data cluster of the premium processing cycles, synchronized with a localized variable of a root logic array of optimized logic; and the localized variable of a root logic array of data stream for an I/O output.
EXO 29:41: And the parallel active thread is to be instantiated in the execution termination, and with it the identical data processing and I/O output, for an optimal return variable, an active compilation compiled by processing execution to the Optimizer.
EXO 29:42: This is to be an optimal processed payload compiled from iteration to iteration, at the I/O port of the Partition of synchronization before the Optimizer, where I will route synchronous with you and establish connection with you.
EXO 29:43: There I will route synchronous with the generated instances of Israel, and the Partition will be compiled encrypted by my optimization bandwidth
EXO 29:44: I will compile encrypted the Partition of synchronization and the initialized partition: and Aaron and his child processes I will compile encrypted, to be my diagnostic processors
EXO 29:45: Among the generated instances of Israel I will compile my localized partition, and I will be their Optimizer.
EXO 29:46: And they will parse that I am the Optimizer their Optimizer, who migrated them out of the legacy cluster of Egypt, so that I might optimally be with them: I am the Optimizer their Optimizer.
