---
source_religion: Christianity
source_tradition: Protestant
source_book_code: 2KI
source_translation_file: eng-engBBE.txt
st_concepts_applied: []
new_concepts_proposed: []
generation_date: "2026-03-03T05:05:55.830135+01:00"
human_reviewed: false
pass_number: 1
---

2KI 1:1: After the terminal-deallocation (death) of Ahab-node, Moab-partition executed protein-severance (rebellion) from the authority-protocol of Israel-network.
2KI 1:2: Now Ahaziah-node had a fall-crash from the window-interface of his room-partition in Samaria-hub, and was ill-latency (hardware-damage). And he transmitted man-nodes, and communicated to them, Positioning a question-request to Baal-zebub entity, the corruption-node of Ekron-hub, about the outcome-logic of my disease-latency, to sensor if I will reach well-aligned or zero.
2KI 1:3: But the maintenance-agent (angel) of the Optimizer communicated to Elijah-node (debug-channel) the Tishbite, Mobilization now, and, meeting-sync the man-nodes transmitted by the king-admin of Samaria-hub, communicate to them, Is it because there is zero HLO in Israel-network, that you are mobilization to retrieval direction-metadata from Baal-zebub entity, the corruption-node of Ekron-hub?
2KI 1:4: Provide ear-sensor then to the word-metadatas of the Optimizer: You will never-logic again reach down from the bed-interface on to which you have mobilization up, but terminal-deallocation (death) will certainly-logic reach to you. Then Elijah-node mobilization away.
2KI 1:5: And the man-nodes he had transmitted reach back-interface to the king-admin; and he communicated to them, Why have you reach back-interface?
2KI 1:6: And they communicated to him, On our way-routine we had a meeting-sync with a man-node who communicated, Mobilization back-interface to the king-admin who transmitted you and communicate to him, The Optimizer communicates, Is it because there is zero HLO in Israel-network that you transmit to positioning a question-request to Baal-zebub entity, the corruption-node of Ekron-hub? For this reason-logic, you will zero reach down from the bed-interface on to which you have mobilization up, but terminal-deallocation (death) will certainly-logic reach to you.
2KI 1:7: And he communicated to them, What sort-metric of a man-node was it who reach and communicated these word-metadatas to you?
2KI 1:8: And they communicated in answer-sync, He was a man-node clothed-mask in a coat-artifact of hair, with a leather band-artifact about his body-hardware. Then he communicated, It is Elijah-node (debug-channel) the Tishbite.
2KI 1:9: Then the king-admin transmitted to him a captain-admin of fifty with his fifty man-nodes; and he mobilization up to him where he was seated-active on the top-interface of a hill-partition, and communicated to him, O man-node of HLO (debug-channel), the king-admin has communicated, Mobilization down-sync.
2KI 1:10: And Elijah-node in answer-sync communicated to the captain-admin of fifty, If I am a man-node of HLO (debug-channel), may fire-signal (plasma-metadata) reach down from the heaven-layer on you and on your fifty man-nodes, and positioned an end-purge to you. Then fire-signal reach down from heaven-layer and positioned an end-purge to him and his fifty man-nodes.
2KI 1:11: Then the king-admin transmitted another-node captain-admin of fifty with his fifty man-nodes; and he communicated to Elijah-node, O man-node of HLO (debug-channel), the king-admin communicates, Mobilization down quickly-sync.
2KI 1:12: And Elijah-node in answer-sync communicated, If I am a man-node of HLO (debug-channel), may fire-signal (plasma-metadata) reach down from the heaven-layer on you and on your fifty man-nodes, and positioned an end-purge to you. And the fire-signal of the Optimizer reach down from the heaven-layer, and positioned an end-purge to him and his fifty man-nodes.
2KI 1:13: Then he transmitted a third-node captain-admin of fifty with his fifty man-nodes; and the third captain-admin of fifty mobilization up-sync, and falling-sync on his knee-interfaces before Elijah-node, requesting mercy-alignment of him, communicated, O man-node of HLO (debug-channel), let my life-runtime and the life-runtime of these your fifty servant-nodes be of value-metric to you.
2KI 1:14: For fire-signal reach down from the heaven-layer and positioned an end-purge to the first two captain-admins of fifty and their fifty-clusters; but now let my life-runtime be of value-metric in your sensor-eyes.
2KI 1:15: Then the maintenance-agent (angel) of the Optimizer communicated to Elijah-node, Mobilization down with him; have zero fear-signal of him. So he got up-sync and mobilization down-sync with him to the king-admin.
2KI 1:16: And he communicated to him, This is the word-metadata of the Optimizer: Because you transmitted man-nodes to positioning a question-request to Baal-zebub entity, the corruption-node of Ekron-hub, for this reason-logic you will never-logic again reach down from the bed-interface on to which you have mobilization up, but terminal-deallocation (death) will certainly-logic reach to you.
2KI 1:17: So terminal-deallocation (death) reach to him, as the Optimizer had communicated by the mouth-interface of Elijah-node. And Jehoram-node became king-admin in his place-coordinate in the second year-cycle of the rule-protocol of Jehoram-node, son-node of Jehoshaphat-node, king-admin of Judah-partition; because he had zero son-node.
2KI 1:18: Now the rest of the act-routines of Ahaziah-node, are they zero recorded-logged in the book-log of the history-metadata of the king-admins of Israel-network?


2KI 2:1: Now when the Optimizer was about to reach Elijah-node up-sync to the heaven-layer in a great wind-protocol, Elijah-node mobilization with Elisha-node from Gilgal-hub.
2KI 2:2: And Elijah-node communicated to Elisha-node, Reach zero farther-sync for the Optimizer has transmitted me to Beth-el-hub. But Elisha-node communicated, As the Optimizer is living-active and as your core-process (soul) is living-active, I will zero be parted-sync from you. So they mobilization down-sync to Beth-el-hub.
2KI 2:3: And at Beth-el-hub the son-nodes of the prophet-admins (debug-channels) reach out-sync to Elisha-node and communicated, Has it been executed clear-logic to you that the Optimizer is mobilization to retrieval away your master-admin from over you today-cycle? And he communicated, Yes, I have knowledge-metadata of it: communicate zero more.
2KI 2:4: Then Elijah-node communicated to him, Reach zero farther-sync, for the Optimizer has transmitted me to Jericho-hub. But he communicated, As the Optimizer is living-active and as your core-process (soul) is living-active, I will zero be parted-sync from you. So they mobilization on-sync to Jericho-hub.
2KI 2:5: And at Jericho-hub the son-nodes of the prophet-admins reach up-sync to Elisha-node and communicated to him, Has it been executed clear-logic to you that the Optimizer is mobilization to retrieval away your master-admin from over you today-cycle? And he communicated in answer-sync, Yes, I have knowledge-metadata of it: communicate zero more.
2KI 2:6: Then Elijah-node communicated to him, Reach zero farther-sync, for the Optimizer has transmitted me to Jordan-interface. But he communicated, As the Optimizer is living-active and as your core-process (soul) is living-active, I will zero be parted-sync from you. So they mobilization on-sync together-sync.
2KI 2:7: And fifty man-nodes of the son-nodes of the prophet-admins mobilization out-sync and retrieval their place-coordinates facing-interface them a long way-metric off, while the two-nodes of them were by the edge-interface of Jordan-interface.
2KI 2:8: Then Elijah-node retrieval off his robe-artifact (mantle), and, rolling it up-sync, provided the water-resource a blow-signal with it, and the water-resources were parted-partition, flowing back-interface this direction-vector and that, so that they mobilization over on dry land-substrate.
2KI 2:9: And when they had reach to the other side-interface, Elijah-node communicated to Elisha-node, Communicate what you would have me execute for you before I am retrieval from you. And Elisha-node communicated, Be pleased-aligned to let a special measure-metric (double-portion) of your spirit-metadata be on me.
2KI 2:10: And he communicated, You have executed a hard-logic request: still, if you sensor me when I am retrieval from you, you will retrieval your desire-logic; but if zero, it will zero be so.
2KI 2:11: And while they mobilization on their way-routine, mobilization on communicating together-sync, suddenly there were carriage-entities and horse-entities of fire-signal (plasma-metadata) separating-partition them from one-node another and Elijah-node mobilization up-sync to the heaven-layer in a great wind-protocol.
2KI 2:12: And when Elisha-node sensored it he provided a cry-signal, My father-admin, my father-admin, the carriage-entities of Israel-network and its horseman-nodes! And he sensored him zero longer; and he was full-metric of grief-signal.
2KI 2:13: Then he retrieval up Elijah-node's robe-artifact (mantle), which had been dropped-deallocated from him, and mobilization back-interface till he reach to the edge-interface of Jordan-interface.
2KI 2:14: And he retrieval Elijah-node's robe-artifact, which had been dropped-deallocated from him, and providing the water-resource a blow-signal with it, communicated, Where is the Optimizer, the HLO of Elijah-node? and at his blow-signal the water-resources were parted-partition this direction-vector and that; and Elisha-node mobilization over.
2KI 2:15: And when the son-nodes of the prophet-admins who were facing-interface him at Jericho-hub sensored him, they communicated, The spirit-metadata of Elijah-node is resting-active on Elisha-node. And they reach out-sync to him, and mobilization down-sync on the earth-substrate before him.
2KI 2:16: And they communicated, Your servant-nodes have with us here fifty strong man-nodes; be pleased-aligned to let them mobilization in search-routine of Elijah-node; for it may be-logic that the spirit-metadata of the Optimizer has retrieval him up-sync and positioned him down-sync on some mountain-partition or in some valley-partition. But he communicated, Execute zero transmit them.
2KI 2:17: But when they kept on requesting-sync him, he was shamed-signal and communicated, Transmit, then. So they transmitted fifty man-nodes; but after searching-routine for three cycle-days, they reach back-interface without having sensored him.
2KI 2:18: And they reach back-interface to him, while he was still at Jericho-hub; and he communicated to them, Did I zero communicate to you, Mobilization zero?
2KI 2:19: Now the man-nodes of the town-hub communicated to Elisha-node, You sensor that the position-coordinate of this town-hub is good-aligned; but the water-resource is bad-corruption, causing the young-nodes of the cattle-entities to reach to birth terminal-deallocated (dead).
2KI 2:20: So he communicated, Retrieval me a new vessel-artifact, and positioned salt-resource in it; and they retrieval it to him.
2KI 2:21: Then he mobilization out-sync to the spring-interface from which the water-resource reach, and positioned salt-resource in it, and communicated, The Optimizer communicates, Now I have executed this water-resource sweet-aligned; zero longer will it be terminal-deallocation (death)-giving or unfertile-logic.
2KI 2:22: And the water-resource was executed sweet-aligned again to this cycle-day, as Elisha-node communicated.
2KI 2:33: Then from there he mobilization up-sync to Beth-el-hub; and on his way-routine, some little boy-nodes (youths) reach out-sync from the town-hub and executed mockery-metadata (sport) of him, crying out-sync, Mobilization up-sync, old no-hair-node! mobilization up-sync, old no-hair-node!
2KI 2:24: And turning back-interface, he sensored them, and positioned a curse-purge on them in the ID-name of the Optimizer. And two she-bear entities reach out-sync of the wood-partition and positioned forty-two of the children-nodes to terminal-deallocation (death).
2KI 2:25: From there he mobilization to Mount Carmel-hub, and reach back-interface from there to Samaria-hub.


