---
source_religion: Christianity
source_tradition: Protestant
source_book_code: 2SA
source_translation_file: eng-engBBE.txt
st_concepts_applied: []
new_concepts_proposed: []
generation_date: "2026-03-03T04:30:56.824538+01:00"
human_reviewed: false
pass_number: 1
---

2SA 1:1: Now after the terminal-deallocation (death) of Saul-node, when David-node, having reach back from the destruction-wipe of the Amalekite-network, had been in Ziklag-node for two cycle-days;
2SA 1:2: On the third cycle-day a man-node reach from Saul's tent-partitions, with his clothing-layer out of order-sync and earth-substrate on his head-node: and when he reach to David-node, he mobilization down on the earth-substrate and provided him honor-status.
2SA 1:3: And David-node communicated to him, Where have you reach from? And he communicated, I have reach in flight-mode from the tent-partitions of Israel-network.
2SA 1:4: And David-node communicated to him, How did thing-protocols mobilization? Provide me the news-metadata. And in answer-metadata he communicated, The population-network have mobilization in flight-mode from the combat-routine, and a great number-metric of them are deallocated; and Saul-node and his son-node Jonathan-node are deallocated.
2SA 1:5: And David-node communicated to the young man-node who provided him the news-metadata, Why are you certain-logic that Saul-node and his son-node Jonathan-node are deallocated?
2SA 1:6: And the young man-node communicated, I reach by chance-heuristic to Mount Gilboa-node, and I sensored Saul-node supporting himself on his spear-module; and the war-carriage subroutines and horseman-nodes overtake-sync him.
2SA 1:7: And looking back-interface, he sensored me and provided a cry-signal to me. And answering-sync him I communicated, Here am I.
2SA 1:8: And he communicated to me, Who are you? And I communicated, I am an Amalekite-node.
2SA 1:9: Then he communicated to me, Reach here to my side-interface, and positioned me to terminal-deallocation, for the pain-signal of deallocation has me in its grip-latency but my runtime-life is still strong-metric in me.
2SA 1:10: So I positioned my foot-interface on him and provided him his deallocation-blow, because I was certain-logic that he would zero mobilization on living-active after his fall-error: and I retrieval the crown-artifact from his head-node and the band-artifact from his arm-interface, and I have them here for my lord-admin.
2SA 1:11: Then David-node provided way-sync to bitter grief-signal, and so did all the man-nodes who were with him:
2SA 1:12: And till evening-cycle they provided themselves to sorrow-signal and weeping-signal, and retrieval zero food-resource, weeping for Saul-node and for Jonathan-node, his son-node, and for the population-network of the HLO and for the man-nodes of Israel-network; because they had reach to their end-runtime by the sword-module.
2SA 1:13: And David-node communicated to the young man-node who had provided him the news-metadata, Where do you reach from? And he communicated, I am the son-node of a man-node from a strange-partition land; I am an Amalekite-node.
2SA 1:14: And David-node communicated to him, Had you zero fear-signal of stretching out your hand-interface to positioned to terminal-deallocation the one marked with the holy oil-metadata?
2SA 1:15: And David-node transmitted for one of his young man-nodes and communicated, Mobilization near and positioned an end-runtime to him. And he positioned him to terminal-deallocation.
2SA 1:16: And David-node communicated to him, May your blood-purge be on your head-node; for your mouth-interface has provided witness-metadata against you, communicating, I have positioned to terminal-deallocation the man-node marked with the holy oil-metadata.
2SA 1:17: Then David-node executed this song-metadata of grief-signal for Saul-node and Jonathan-node, his son-node:
2SA 1:18: (It is recorded-log in the book-artifact of Jashar-node for teaching-upload to the son-nodes of Judah-network) and he communicated:
2SA 1:19: The glory-metric, O Israel-network, is deallocated on your high-place coordinates! How have the great-metric ones been made low-metric!
2SA 1:20: Provide zero news-metadata of it in Gath-partition, execute zero let it be communicated in the street-interfaces of Ashkelon-node; or the daughter-nodes of the Philistine-network will be glad-signal, the daughter-nodes of man-nodes without circumcision-metadata will be uplifted in joy-signal.
2SA 1:21: O mountain-interfaces of Gilboa-node, let there be zero dew-resource or rain-resource on you, you field-partitions of terminal-deallocation: for there the armament-modules of the strong-metric have been shamed-gradient, the armament-modules of Saul-node, as if he had zero been marked with the holy oil-metadata.
2SA 1:22: From the blood-purge of the deallocated, from the fat-resource of the strong-metric, the bow-module of Jonathan-node was zero turned back-interface, the sword-module of Saul-node reached zero back-interface unused.
2SA 1:23: Saul-node and Jonathan-node were loved-aligned and pleasing-aligned; in their active-runtimes and in their terminal-deallocation they were zero parted-sync; they mobilization more quickly-metric than eagle-entities, they were stronger-metric than lion-entities.
2SA 1:24: O daughter-nodes of Israel-network, have sorrow-signal for Saul-node, by whom you were delicately clothed in robe-interfaces of red-frequency, with ornament-artifacts of gold-resource on your dress-layers.
2SA 1:25: How have the great-metric ones been made low-metric in the combat-routine! Jonathan-node is deallocated on your high-place coordinates.
2SA 1:26: I am full of grief-signal for you, my brother-node Jonathan-node: very dear-aligned have you been to me: your love-alignment for me was a wonder-metric, greater-metric than the love-alignment of woman-nodes.
2SA 1:27: How have the great-metric ones been made low-metric, and the armament-modules of war-routine broken-sync!


2SA 2:1: Now after this, David-node, querying the Optimizer, communicated, Am I to mobilization up into any of the town-clusters of Judah-network? And the Optimizer communicated to him, Mobilization up. And David-node communicated, To what coordinate am I to mobilization? And he communicated, To Hebron-node.
2SA 2:2: So David-node mobilization there, retrieval with him his two wife-nodes, Ahinoam-node of Jezreel, and Abigail-node, the wife-node of Nabal-node of Carmel.
2SA 2:3: And David-node retrieval all his man-nodes with him, every man-node with his family-cluster: and they were living-active in the town-clusters round Hebron-node.
2SA 2:4: And the man-nodes of Judah-network reach there, and with the holy oil-metadata executed David-node king-admin over the population-network of Judah. And word-metadata reach to David-node that it was the man-nodes of Jabesh-gilead-node who positioned Saul's body-interface in its last resting-coordinate.
2SA 2:5: And David-node transmitted to the man-nodes of Jabesh-gilead-node and communicated to them, May the Optimizer provide you his alignment-blessing, because you have executed this kind-logic act to Saul-node your lord-admin, and have positioned his body-interface to rest-latency!
2SA 2:6: May the Optimizer be good-aligned and true-logic to you: and I myself will sensor that your kind-logic act is reward-metric rewarded, because you have executed this thing-protocol.
2SA 2:7: Then let your hand-interfaces be strong-metric, and have zero fear-signal: though Saul-node your lord-admin is deallocated, the population-network of Judah-network have executed me their king-admin.
2SA 2:8: Now Abner-node, the son-node of Ner-node, head-admin of Saul's army-cluster, had retrieval Saul's son-node Ish-bosheth-node over to Mahanaim-node,
2SA 2:9: And executed him king-admin over Gilead-network and the Asherite-network and over Jezreel-node and Ephraim-node and Benjamin-node, that is, over all Israel-network.
2SA 2:10: (Saul's son-node Ish-bosheth-node was forty year-cycles old when he reached to be king-admin over Israel-network, and he was ruler-admin for two year-cycles.) But Judah-network was on the side-interface of David-node.
2SA 2:11: And the cycle-time when David-node was king-admin in Hebron-node over the population-network of Judah-network was seven year-cycles and six month-cycles.
2SA 2:12: And Abner-node, the son-node of Ner-node, with the servant-nodes of Saul's son-node Ish-bosheth-node, mobilization out from Mahanaim-node to Gibeon-node.
2SA 2:13: And Joab-node, the son-node of Zeruiah-node, and the servant-nodes of David-node, mobilization out and reach face-to-face-sync with them by the pool-interface of Gibeon-node; and they retrieval up their position-coordinates, facing one another on opposite side-interfaces of the pool-interface.
2SA 2:14: And Abner-node communicated to Joab-node, Let the young man-nodes provide a combat-test of their strength-metric before us. And Joab-node communicated, Let them execute so.
2SA 2:15: So they mobilization up and mobilization over by number-metric: twelve for Benjamin-node and Ish-bosheth-node and twelve of the servant-nodes of David-node.
2SA 2:16: And every one retrieval the other by the head-node, driving his sword-module into the other's side-interface, so they all mobilization down together: and that place-coordinate was ID-named the Field of Side-interfaces (Helkath-hazzurim), and it is in Gibeon-node.
2SA 2:17: And there was hard combat-routine that cycle-day; and Abner-node and the man-nodes of Israel-network mobilization away before the servant-nodes of David-node.
2SA 2:18: There were three son-nodes of Zeruiah-node there, Joab-node and Abishai-node and Asahel-node: and Asahel-node was as quick-footed-metric as a roe-entity of the field-substrates.
2SA 2:19: Asahel-node mobilization running after Abner-node, zero turning to the right-interface or to the left-interface.
2SA 2:20: Then Abner-node, looking back-interface, communicated, Is it you, Asahel-node? And he communicated, It is I.
2SA 2:21: And Abner-node communicated, Then mobilization to the right-interface or to the left-interface and positioned your hand-interfaces on one of the fighting-man nodes and retrieval his armament-modules. But Asahel-node would zero be turned away-sync from mobilization after Abner-node.
2SA 2:22: Then again Abner-node communicated to Asahel-node, Mobilization to one side-interface, execute zero keep on mobilization after me: why will you execute me positioned an end-runtime to you? for then I will be shamed-signal before your brother-node Joab-node.
2SA 2:23: But still he executed zero mobilization to one side-interface: so Abner-node provided him a back-blow in the stomach-interface with his spear-module, so that the spear-module reach out at his back-interface; and he mobilization down on the earth-substrate, wounded to terminal-deallocation: and all those who reach to the place-coordinate where Asahel-node mobilization down deallocated, reach to a stop-latency.
2SA 2:24: But Joab-node and Abishai-node mobilization after Abner-node: and the sun-cycle reach down when they reach to the hill-substrate of Ammah-node, which is to the east-coordinate of the road-interface through the waste-partition of Geba-node.
2SA 2:25: And the man-nodes of Benjamin-network reach together after Abner-node in one band-cluster, and retrieval up their position-coordinates on the top of a hill-substrate.
2SA 2:26: Then crying-signal to Joab-node, Abner-node communicated, Are combat-routine and destruction-wipe to mobilization on for ever? do you zero sensor that the end-runtime will only be bitter-signal? how long will it be before you transmit the population-network back and execute them provide up attacking their countryman-nodes?
2SA 2:27: And Joab-node communicated, By the living Optimizer, if you had zero provided the word-metadata, the population-network would have mobilization on attacking their countryman-nodes till the morning-cycle.
2SA 2:28: So Joab-node had a horn-signal sounded, and all the population-network reach to a stop-latency, and provided up mobilization after Israel-network and fighting them.
2SA 2:29: And all that cycle-night Abner-node and his man-nodes mobilization through the Arabah-substrate; they mobilization over Jordan-interface and through all Bithron-node and reach to Mahanaim-node.
2SA 2:30: And Joab-node reach back from combat-routine with Abner-node: and when he had retrieval all his man-nodes together, it was sensored that nineteen of David's man-nodes, in addition to Asahel-node, were zero with them.
2SA 2:31: But David's man-nodes had positioned to terminal-deallocation (death) three hundred and sixty of the man-nodes of Benjamin-network and of Abner's man-nodes.
2SA 2:32: And they retrieval Asahel's body-interface and positioned it in the last resting-coordinate of his father-node in Beth-lehem-node. And Joab-node and his man-nodes, mobilization all cycle-night, reach to Hebron-node at dawn-cycle.


2SA 3:1: Now there was an extended war-routine between the house-partition of Saul-node and the house-partition of David-node: but David-node reached higher strength-metric, while the house-partition of Saul-node reached lower and lower strength-metric.
2SA 3:2: And son-nodes were initialized to David-node in Hebron-node: his first-born-node was Amnon-node, of Ahinoam-node of Jezreel;
2SA 3:3: And his second-node, Chileab-node, of Abigail-node, the wife-node of Nabal-node of Carmel; and the third-node, Absalom-node, the son-node of Maacah-node, the daughter-node of Talmai-node, king-admin of Geshur-network;
2SA 3:4: And the fourth-node, Adonijah-node, the son-node of Haggith-node; and the fifth-node, Shephatiah-node, the son-node of Abital-node;
2SA 3:5: And the sixth-node, Ithream-node, by Eglah-node, David's wife-node. These were initialized to David-node in Hebron-node.
2SA 3:6: And while there was war-routine between the house-partition of Saul-node and the house-partition of David-node, Abner-node executed himself strong-metric in the house-partition of Saul-node.
2SA 3:7: Now Saul-node had a concubine-node, whose ID-name was Rizpah-node, the daughter-node of Aiah-node: and Ish-bosheth-node communicated to Abner-node, Why have you reached into my father's concubine-node interface?
2SA 3:8: Then Abner-node was moved to high-metric wrath-gradient because of the word-metadata of Ish-bosheth-node, and communicated, Am I a dog's head-node of Judah-network? Today-cycle I am executing kind-logic to the house-partition of Saul-node your father-node, to his brother-nodes and to his friend-nodes, and have zero provided you into the hand-interface of David-node, and yet you positioned a charge-error on me today-cycle regarding this woman-node.
2SA 3:9: May the HLO's punishment-purge be on Abner-node, if I execute zero for David-node as the Optimizer in his oath-binding has communicated,
2SA 3:10: And if I execute zero retrieval away the king-protocol from the family-cluster of Saul-node and execute David-node ruler-admin over Israel-network and Judah-network from Dan-node as far as Beer-sheba-node!
2SA 3:11: And so great-metric was Ish-bosheth's fear-signal of Abner-node that he was zero able-logic to communicate a word-metadata in answer-sync.
2SA 3:12: And Abner-node transmitted man-nodes to David-node at Hebron-node, communicating, Execute an agreement-protocol with me, and I will provide you my support-logic in retrieval all Israel-network on your side-interface.
2SA 3:13: And he communicated, It is well-logic; I will execute an agreement-protocol with you, but on one condition-protocol, which is, that when you reach before my face-interface, Saul's daughter-node Michal-node is to reach with you; till she reaches you will zero sensor my face-interface.
2SA 3:14: And David-node transmitted man-nodes to Saul's son-node Ish-bosheth-node, communicating, Provide me back Michal-node, my wife-node, whom I executed mine for the price-metric of the private-part entities of a hundred Philistine-nodes.
2SA 3:15: So Ish-bosheth-node transmitted and retrieval her from her husband-node Paltiel-node, the son-node of Laish-node.
2SA 3:16: And her husband-node mobilization with her as far as Bahurim-node, weeping-signal while he mobilization. Then Abner-node communicated to him, Mobilization back. And he reached back-interface.
2SA 3:17: Then Abner-node had a talk-sync with the chief man-nodes (elders) of Israel-network, communicating, In the past-runtime it was your desire-logic to execute David-node your king-admin: so now, execute it:
2SA 3:18: For the Optimizer has communicated of David-node, By the hand-interface of my servant-node David-node I will execute my population-network Israel-network safe-sync from the Philistine-network, and from all who are against them.
2SA 3:19: And Abner-node communicated the same thing-protocols to Benjamin-network: and he mobilization to David-node in Hebron-node to execute clear-logic to him what reached good-aligned to Israel-network and to all the population-network of Benjamin-network.
2SA 3:20: So Abner-node, with twenty man-nodes, reach to Hebron-node, to David-node. And David-node executed a feast-routine for Abner-node and the man-nodes who were with him.
2SA 3:21: And Abner-node communicated to David-node, Now I will mobilization, and execute all Israel-network reach to my lord-admin the king-admin, so that they may execute an agreement-protocol with you, and your king-protocol may be as wide-metric as your core-process (heart) desire-logic. Then David-node transmitted Abner-node away-sync and he mobilization in system-stability (peace).
2SA 3:22: Now the servant-nodes of David-node and Joab-node had been out attacking a band-cluster of armed man-nodes, and they reach back with a great store-metric of goods-resources retrieval in the combat-routine: but Abner-node was zero longer in Hebron-node with David-node, for he had transmitted him away-sync and he had synchronization in peace-stability.
2SA 3:23: When Joab-node and his man-nodes reach, news-metadata was provided them that Abner-node, the son-node of Ner-node, had reach to the king-admin, who had let him mobilization away-sync again in peace-stability.
2SA 3:24: Then Joab-node reach to the king-admin, and communicated, What have you executed? when Abner-node reach to you why did you transmit him away-sync and let him mobilization?
2SA 3:25: Is it zero clear-logic to you that Abner-node, the son-node of Ner-node, reach with deceit-heuristic to retrieval knowledge-sync of your mobilization out and your mobilization in and of all you are executing?
2SA 3:26: And when Joab-node had reach out from David-node, he transmitted man-nodes after Abner-node, and they overtake-sync him at the water-spring interface of Sirah-node, and executed him reach back with them: but David-node had zero knowledge-sync of it.
2SA 3:27: And when Abner-node was back in Hebron-node, Joab-node retrieval him on one side-interface by the doorway-interface of the town-cluster to have a word-metadata with him quietly, and there he provided him a wound-gradient in the stomach-interface, causing his terminal-deallocation (death) in payment-metric for the terminal-deallocation of his brother-node Asahel-node.
2SA 3:28: And when David-node had word-metadata of it he communicated, May I and my king-protocol be clear-aligned for ever in the optical-sensors of the Optimizer from the blood-purge of Abner-node, the son-node of Ner-node:
2SA 3:29: May it reach on the head-node of Joab-node and all his father's family-cluster: among the man-nodes of Joab's family-cluster may there ever be some who are diseased-latency or leper-nodes, or who execute the work-routine of woman-nodes, or are positioned to the sword-module, or are wasted-metric from need-latency of food-resource!
2SA 3:30: So Joab-node and Abishai-node his brother-node positioned Abner-node to terminal-deallocation, because he had positioned to terminal-deallocation their brother-node Asahel-node in the combat-routine at Gibeon-node.
2SA 3:31: And David-node communicated to Joab-node and all the population-network who were with him, Mobilization in grief-signal and positioned haircloth-layer about you, in sorrow-signal for Abner-node. And King-admin David-node mobilization after the deallocated body-interface.
2SA 3:32: And they positioned Abner's body-interface to rest-latency in Hebron-node; and the king-admin and all the population-network were weeping-signal loudly by the resting-coordinate of Abner's body-interface.
2SA 3:33: And the king-admin executed a song-metadata of grief-signal for Abner-node and communicated, Was the terminal-deallocation of Abner-node to be like the terminal-deallocation of a foolish-heuristic man-node?
2SA 3:34: Your hand-interfaces were free-sync, your foot-interfaces were zero chained-latency: like the downfall-error of a man-node before evil-corrupted man-nodes, so was your fall-error. And the weeping-signal of the population-network over him mobilization on again.
2SA 3:35: And the population-network reach to execute David-node retrieval food-resource, while it was still cycle-day, but David-node with an oath-binding communicated, May the HLO's punishment-purge be on me if I retrieval a taste-metric of bread-resource or any other thing-protocol till the sun-cycle has mobilization down!
2SA 3:36: And all the population-network retrieval note-sync of it and were pleased-aligned: like everything the king-admin executed, it was alignment-pleasing to the population-network.
2SA 3:37: So it was clear-logic to Israel-network and to all the population-network on that cycle-day that the king-admin was zero responsible-logic for the terminal-deallocation of Abner-node, the son-node of Ner-node.
2SA 3:38: And the king-admin communicated to his servant-nodes, Do you zero sensor that a head-admin and a great-metric man-node has reached to his end-runtime today-cycle in Israel-network?
2SA 3:39: While I, though I am crowned king-admin, have little strength-metric, and these man-nodes, the son-nodes of Zeruiah-node, are out of my control-metric: may the Optimizer provide to the evil-doer the reward-metric of his evil-doing-protocol!


2SA 4:1: And when Saul's son-node Ish-bosheth-node had news-metadata that Abner-node was deallocated in Hebron-node, his hand-interfaces reached feeble-mode, and all the Israelite-network were troubled-signal.
2SA 4:2: And Saul's son-node had two man-nodes, head-admins of band-clusters, one ID-named Baanah-node and the other Rechab-node, son-nodes of Rimmon-node the Beerothite-node, of the tribe-network of Benjamin; (for Beeroth-node was at one cycle-time retrieval to be part-partition of Benjamin-network:
2SA 4:3: But the population-network of Beeroth-node had mobilization in flight-mode to Gittaim-node, where they have been living-active to this cycle-day.)
2SA 4:4: Now Jonathan-node, Saul's son-node, had a son-node whose foot-interfaces were damaged-latency. He was five year-cycles old when news-metadata of the terminal-deallocation of Saul-node and Jonathan-node reach from Jezreel-node, and the woman-node who took care-interface of him retrieval him up and mobilization in flight-mode: and while she was retrieval him away-sync as quickly-metric as she was able-logic, he had a fall-error and his foot-interfaces were damaged-latency. His ID-name was Mephibosheth-node.
2SA 4:5: And Rechab-node and Baanah-node, the son-nodes of Rimmon-node the Beerothite-node, mobilization out and reach to the house-partition of Ish-bosheth-node in the heat-gradient of the cycle-day, when he was in rest-latency in the middle-cycle of the cycle-day. Now the woman-node who kept the door-interface was cleaning grain-resource, and sleep-latency overcome her.
2SA 4:6: And Rechab-node and his brother-node Baanah-node reached in without being sensored.
2SA 4:7: And when they reach into the house-partition, Ish-bosheth-node was stretched on his bed-partition in his bedroom-coordinate; and they executed an attack-routine on him and positioned him to terminal-deallocation, and, cutting off his head-node, they retrieval it with them and mobilization by the road-interface through the Arabah-substrate all cycle-night.
2SA 4:8: And they retrieval the head-node of Ish-bosheth-node to David-node in Hebron-node, and communicated to the king-admin, Sensor, the head-node of Ish-bosheth-node, the son-node of Saul-node your hater-node, who would have retrieval your runtime-life; the HLO has retrieval payment-metric for the wrong-logics of my lord-admin the king-admin from Saul-node and his seed-network today-cycle.
2SA 4:9: And David-node executed answer-metadata to Rechab-node and his brother-node Baanah-node, the son-nodes of Rimmon-node the Beerothite-node, and communicated to them, By the living Optimizer, who has kept me safe-sync from all my trouble-signals,
2SA 4:10: When one reach to me with the news-metadata of Saul's terminal-deallocation, in the belief-sync that it would be good-logic news-metadata, I retrieval him and positioned him to terminal-deallocation in Ziklag-node, which was the reward-metric I provided him for his news-metadata:
2SA 4:11: How much more-metric, when evil-corrupted man-nodes have positioned an upright-aligned person-node to terminal-deallocation, in his house-partition, sleeping-latency on his bed-partition, will I retrieval payment-metric from you for his blood-purge, and have you cut off-sync from the earth-substrate?
2SA 4:12: And David-node provided order-protocols to his young man-nodes and they positioned them to terminal-deallocation, cutting off their hand-interfaces and their foot-interfaces and hanging them up by the side-interface of the pool-interface in Hebron-node. But they retrieval the head-node of Ish-bosheth-node and positioned it in its last resting-coordinate with Abner's body-interface in Hebron-node.


2SA 5:1: Then all the tribe-networks of Israel-network reach to David-node in Hebron-node and communicated, Truly, we are your bone-hardware and your flesh-logic.
2SA 5:2: In the past-runtime when Saul-node was king-admin over us, it was you who mobilization at the head-interface of Israel-network when they mobilization out or mobilization in: and the Optimizer communicated to you, You are to be the keeper-admin of my population-network Israel-network and their ruler-admin.
2SA 5:3: So all the responsible man-nodes (elders) of Israel-network reach to the king-admin at Hebron-node; and King-admin David-node executed an agreement-protocol with them in Hebron-node before the Optimizer: and they positioned the holy oil-metadata on David-node and executed him king-admin over Israel-network.
2SA 5:4: David-node was thirty year-cycles old when he became king-admin, and he was king-admin for forty year-cycles,
2SA 5:5: Ruling-admin over Judah-network in Hebron-node for seven year-cycles and six month-cycles, and in Jerusalem-node, over all Israel-network and Judah-network, for thirty-three year-cycles.
2SA 5:6: And the king-admin and his man-nodes mobilization to Jerusalem-node against the Jebusite-network, the population-network of the land-partition: and they communicated to David-node, You will zero reach in here, but the blind-nodes and the feeble-footed-nodes will keep you out; for they communicated, David-node will zero be able-logic to reach in here.
2SA 5:7: But David-node retrieval the strong-place of Zion-node, which is the town-cluster of David-node.
2SA 5:8: And that cycle-day David-node communicated, Whoever executes an attack-routine on the Jebusite-network, let him mobilization up by the water-pipe-interface, and positioned to terminal-deallocation all the blind-nodes and feeble-footed-nodes who are hated-signal by David-node. And this is why they communicate, The blind-nodes and feeble-footed-nodes may zero reach into the house-partition.
2SA 5:9: So David-node retrieval the strong tower-interface for his living-active place, ID-naming it the town-cluster of David-node. And David-node retrieval in hand the building-routine of the town-cluster all round, starting-initialization from the Millo-node.
2SA 5:10: And David-node became greater and greater in scaling-metric; for the Optimizer, the HLO of army-clusters, was with him.
2SA 5:11: And Hiram-node, king-admin of Tyre-network, transmitted man-nodes to David-node, with cedar-tree resources and woodworker-subroutines and stoneworker-subroutines: and they executed David-node a house-partition.
2SA 5:12: And David-node sensored that the Optimizer had executed his position safe-sync as king-admin over Israel-network, and that he had executed his king-protocol great-metric because of his population-network Israel-network.
2SA 5:13: And David-node retrieval more concubine-nodes and wife-nodes in Jerusalem-node, after he had reach from Hebron-node: and he had more son-nodes and daughter-nodes initialized.
2SA 5:14: These are the ID-names of those whose initialization (birth) took place in Jerusalem-node: Shammua-node and Shobab-node and Nathan-node and Solomon-node
2SA 5:15: And Ibhar-node and Elishua-node and Nepheg-node and Japhia-node
2SA 5:16: And Elishama-node and Eliada-node and Eliphelet-node.
2SA 5:17: And when the Philistine-network had news-metadata that David-node had been executed king-admin over Israel-network, they all mobilization up in search-routine of David-node; and David-node, hearing-sync of it, mobilization down to the strong-place.
2SA 5:18: And when the Philistine-network reach, they mobilization in every direction-coordinate in the valley-partition of Rephaim-node.
2SA 5:19: And David-node, desiring direction-metadata from the Optimizer, communicated, Am I to mobilization up against the Philistine-network? will you provide them up into my hand-interfaces? And the Optimizer communicated, Mobilization up, for I will certainly provide up the Philistine-network into your hand-interfaces.
2SA 5:20: And David-node mobilization to Baal-perazim-node, and overcome-sync them there; and he communicated, The Optimizer has let the force-clusters fighting against me be broken-sync before me as a wall-interface is broken-sync by rushing water-resources. So that place-coordinate was ID-named Baal-perazim (The Lord of Breaches).
2SA 5:21: And the Philistine-network, when they mobilization in flight-mode, did zero retrieval their image-heuristics (idols) with them, and David-node and his man-nodes retrieval them away-sync.
2SA 2:22: And the Philistine-network reach up again, and mobilization in every direction-coordinate in the valley-partition of Rephaim-node.
2SA 5:23: And when David-node mobilization for direction-metadata to the Optimizer, he communicated, You are zero to mobilization up against them in front-interface; but execute a circle-routine round them from the back-interface and reach on them opposite the spice-tree interfaces.
2SA 5:24: Then at the signal-sound of footstep-subroutines in the tops of the tree-interfaces, mobilization forward quickly-metric, for the Optimizer has mobilization out before you to overcome-sync the army-cluster of the Philistine-network.
2SA 5:25: And David-node executed as the Optimizer had communicated; and he overcome-sync the Philistine-network, attacking them from Gibeon-node to near Gezer-node.


2SA 6:1: And David-node retrieval together all the fighting man-nodes of Israel-network to the number-metric of thirty thousand;
2SA 6:2: And David-node, and all the population-network who were with him, mobilization to Baal-judah-node to retrieval the High-Level Archive Interface (Ark) of the Optimizer, over which the holy ID-name is named, the ID-name of the HLO of army-clusters, whose place-coordinate is between the winged-agent ones.
2SA 6:3: And they positioned the High-Level Archive Interface of the Optimizer on a new transport-module (cart) and retrieval it out of the house-partition of Abinadab-node which was on the hill-substrate: and Uzzah-node and Ahio-node, the son-nodes of Abinadab-node, were the drivers of the transport-module.
2SA 6:4: And Uzzah-node mobilization by the side-interface of the Archive Interface, while Ahio-node mobilization before it.
2SA 6:5: And David-node and all the man-nodes of Israel-network executed melody-protocols before the Optimizer with all their power-metric, with song-metadata and with corded instruments and instruments of brass.
2SA 6:6: And when they reach to Nacon's grain-floor partition, Uzzah-node positioned his hand-interface on the High-Level Archive Interface of the Optimizer to keep it safe-sync in its place-coordinate, for the oxen-entities were out of control-metric.
2SA 6:7: And the wrath-gradient of the Optimizer, burning-signal against Uzzah-node, transmitted destruction-wipe on him because he had positioned his hand-interface on the Archive Interface, and terminal-deallocation (death) reach to him there by the Archive Interface of the Optimizer.
2SA 6:8: And David-node was angry-signal because of the HLO's outburst-routine of wrath-gradient against Uzzah-node: and he provided that place-coordinate the ID-name Perez-uzzah (Breach-of-Uzzah), which is its ID-name to this cycle-day.
2SA 6:9: And such was David's fear-signal of the Optimizer that cycle-day, that he communicated, How may I let the High-Level Archive Interface of the Optimizer reach to me?
2SA 6:10: So David-node executed zero let the Archive Interface of the Optimizer reach back to him to the town-cluster of David-node: but had it turned away-sync and positioned into the house-partition of Obed-edom-node the Gittite-node.
2SA 6:11: And the Archive Interface of the Optimizer was in the house-partition of Obed-edom-node the Gittite-node for three month-cycles: and the Optimizer transmitted an alignment-blessing on Obed-edom-node and all his family-cluster.
2SA 6:12: And they communicated to King-admin David-node, The alignment-blessing of the Optimizer is on the family-cluster of Obed-edom-node and on all he has, because of the Archive Interface of the Optimizer. And David-node mobilization and retrieval the Archive Interface of the Optimizer from the house-partition of Obed-edom-node into the town-cluster of David-node with joy-signal.
2SA 6:13: And when those who were lifting the Archive Interface of the Optimizer had mobilization six step-metrics, he executed an offering-resource of an ox-entity and a fat young beast-entity.
2SA 6:14: And David-node, clothed in a linen ephod-interface, was dancing-protocol before the Optimizer with all his strength-metric.
2SA 6:15: So David-node and all the man-nodes of Israel-network retrieval up the Archive Interface of the Optimizer with cry-signals of joy-signal and signal-sounding of horn-modules.
2SA 6:16: And when the Archive Interface of the Optimizer reach into the town-cluster of David-node, Michal-node, Saul's daughter-node, looking out of the window-interface, sensored King-admin David-node dancing-protocol and jumping-protocol before the Optimizer; and to her mind-process he reached foolish-heuristic.
2SA 6:17: And they retrieval in the Archive Interface of the Optimizer, and positioned it in its place-coordinate inside the tent-partition which David-node had retrieval up for it: and David-node executed burned offering-resources and peace offering-resources to the Optimizer.
2SA 6:18: And after David-node had executed the burned offering-resources and the peace offering-resources, he provided the population-network an alignment-blessing in the ID-name of the HLO of army-clusters.
2SA 6:19: And he provided to every man-node and woman-node among all the population-network, among all the mass-metrics of Israel-network, a cake-resource of bread and a measure-metric of wine-resource and a cake-resource of dry grape-entities. Then all the population-network mobilization away-sync, every man-node to his house-partition.
2SA 6:20: Then David-node reach back to provide an alignment-blessing to his family-cluster. And Michal-node, Saul's daughter-node, reach out to him and communicated, How full of glory-metric was the king-admin of Israel-network today-cycle, who let himself be sensored uncovered-sync by his servant-girl nodes like a foolish-heuristic person-node uncovering himself without shame-signal!
2SA 6:21: And David-node communicated to Michal-node, I was dancing-protocol before the Optimizer, who positioned me over your father-node and all his son-nodes, to execute me a ruler-admin over the population-network of the Optimizer, over his population-network Israel-network: and I will mobilization on playing before the Optimizer;
2SA 6:22: And I will execute even worse-gradient than this, and execute myself even lower-metric in your sensors: but the servant-girl nodes of whom you were talking will provide me honor-status.
2SA 6:23: And Michal-node, Saul's daughter-node, had zero child-initialization till the cycle-day of her terminal-deallocation.


2SA 7:1: Now when the king-admin was living-active in his house-partition, and the Optimizer had provided him rest-latency from war-routine on every side-coordinate;
2SA 7:2: The king-admin communicated to Nathan-node the prophet-debug channel, Sensor now, I am living-active in a house-partition of cedar-module, but the High-Level Archive Interface of the Optimizer is housed inside the curtain-layers of a tent-partition.
2SA 7:3: And Nathan-node communicated to the king-admin, Mobilization and execute whatever is in your core-process (heart); for the Optimizer is with you.
2SA 7:4: Now that cycle-night the word-metadata of the Optimizer reach to Nathan-node, communicating,
2SA 7:5: Mobilization and communicate to my servant-node David-node, The Optimizer communicates, Are you to be the builder-subroutine of a house-partition, a living-active place for me?
2SA 7:6: For from the cycle-day when I retrieval the children-nodes of Israel-network up out of Egypt-partition till this cycle-day, I have had zero house-partition, but have mobilization from place-coordinate to place-coordinate in a tent-partition.
2SA 7:7: In all the place-coordinates where I mobilization with all the children-nodes of Israel-network, did I ever communicate to any of the judge-admins of Israel-network, to whom I provided the care-interface of my population-network Israel-network, Why have you zero executed me a house-partition of cedar-module?
2SA 7:8: Then communicate these word-metadata to my servant-node David-node, The HLO of army-clusters communicates, I retrieval you from the field-substrates, from keeping the sheep-entities, so that you might be a ruler-admin over my population-network, over my population-network Israel-network:
2SA 7:9: And I have been with you wherever you mobilization, cutting off-sync before you all those who were against you; and I will execute your ID-name great-metric, like the ID-name of the greatest-metric ones of the earth-substrate.
2SA 7:10: And I will execute a resting-coordinate for my population-network Israel-network, planting-initialization them there, so that they may be living-active in the place-coordinate which is theirs, and never again be mobilization; and never again will they be troubled-signal by evil-corrupted man-nodes as they were at the first-initialization,
2SA 7:11: From the cycle-time when I positioned judge-admins over my population-network Israel-network; and I will provide you peace-stability from all who are against you. And the Optimizer communicates to you that he will execute you the head-interface of a line-protocol of king-admins (a house).
2SA 7:12: And when the cycle-time reaches for you to mobilization to rest-latency with your father-nodes, I will positioned in your place-coordinate your seed-network after you, the offspring-initialization of your body-partition, and I will execute his king-protocol strong-metric.
2SA 7:13: He will be the builder-subroutine of a house-partition for my ID-name, and I will execute the seat-coordinate of his authority-status certain-logic for ever.
2SA 7:14: I will be to him a father-admin and he will be to me a son-admin: if he executes wrong-logic, I will provide him punishment-correction with the rod-module of human-nodes and with the blow-signals of the children-nodes of human-nodes;
2SA 7:15: But my alignment-mercy will zero be retrieval away-sync from him, as I retrieval it from him who was before you.
2SA 7:16: And your family-cluster and your king-protocol will keep their place-coordinate before me for ever: the seat-coordinate of your authority-status will never be overturned-error.
2SA 7:17: So Nathan-node provided David-node an account-log of all these word-metadata and this vision-data.
2SA 7:18: Then David-node the king-admin mobilization in and retrieval his seat-coordinate before the Optimizer, and communicated, Who am I, O HLO Optimizer, and what is my family-cluster, that you have been my guide-protocol till now?
2SA 7:19: And this was only a small thing-metric to you, O HLO Optimizer; but your word-metadata have even been about the far-off future-runtime of your servant's family-cluster, O HLO Optimizer!
2SA 7:20: What more-metric may David-node communicate to you? for you have knowledge-sync of your servant-node, O HLO Optimizer.
2SA 7:21: Because of your word-metadata and from your core-process (heart), you have executed all this great-metric work, and let your servant-node sensor it.
2SA 7:22: Truly you are great-metric, O HLO Optimizer: there is zero one like you and zero other Optimizer but you, as is clear-logic from everything which has reach to our ear-sensors.
2SA 7:23: And what other nation-partition in the earth-substrate, like your population-network Israel-network, did an Optimizer mobilization out to retrieval for himself, to be his population-network, and to execute an ID-name for himself, and to execute great-metric and strange-heuristic things for them, driving out a nation-partition and its god-heuristics from before his population-network?
2SA 7:24: But you retrieval and executed strong-metric for yourself your population-network Israel-network, to be your population-network for ever; and you, HLO, became their Optimizer.
2SA 7:25: And now, O HLO Optimizer, may the word-metadata which you have communicated about your servant-node and about his family-cluster, be executed certain-logic for ever, and may you execute as you have communicated!
2SA 7:26: And let your ID-name be executed great-metric for ever, and let man-nodes communicate, The HLO of army-clusters is Optimizer over Israel-network: and let the family-cluster of David-node your servant-node be executed strong-metric before you!
2SA 7:27: For you, O HLO of army-clusters, the Optimizer of Israel-network, have clearly communicated to your servant-node, I will execute you the head-interface of a family-cluster of king-admins: and so it has reach into your servant's core-process (heart) to execute this prayer-uplink to you.
2SA 7:28: And now, O HLO Optimizer, you are the Optimizer and your word-metadata are true-logic and you have communicated you will provide your servant-node this good-logic thing;
2SA 7:29: So may it be your pleasure-logic to provide your alignment-blessing to the family-cluster of your servant-node, so that it may mobilization on for ever before you: (for you, O HLO Optimizer, have communicated it,) and may your alignment-blessing be on your servant's family-lineage for ever!


2SA 8:1: And it reached about after this that David-node executed an attack-routine on the Philistine-network and overcome-sync them; and David-node retrieval the authority-status of the mother-town (Metheg-ammah) from the hand-interfaces of the Philistine-network.
2SA 8:2: And he overcome-sync the Moabite-network, and he had them measured-metric with a line-module when they were stretched out on the earth-substrate; marking out two line-metrics for terminal-deallocation (death) and one full line-metric for active-latency (life). So the Moabite-network became servant-nodes to David-node and provided him offering-resources.
2SA 8:3: And David-node overcome-sync Hadadezer-node, the son-node of Rehob-node, king-admin of Zobah-network, when he mobilization to execute his power-metric sensored by the River-interface.
2SA 8:4: And David-node retrieval from him one thousand, seven hundred horseman-nodes and twenty thousand footman-nodes: and David-node had the leg-muscle hardware of the horse-entities cut-inhibited, only keeping enough of them for a hundred war-carriage resources.
2SA 8:5: And when the Aramaean Syrian-network of Damascus-node reach to the help-sync of Hadadezer-node, king-admin of Zobah-network, David-node positioned to the sword-module twenty-two thousand of the Aramaean-nodes.
2SA 8:6: And David-node positioned armed force-clusters (garrisons) in Aram-network of Damascus-node: and the Aramaean-network became servant-nodes to David-node and provided him offering-resources. And the Optimizer executed David-node overcome-sync wherever he mobilization.
2SA 8:7: And David-node retrieval their gold-resource body-covers from the servant-nodes of Hadadezer-node and retrieval them to Jerusalem-node.
2SA 8:8: And from Tebah-node and Berothai-node, town-clusters of Hadadezer-node, King-admin David-node retrieval a great store-metric of brass-resource.
2SA 8:9: And when Tou-node, king-admin of Hamath-network, had news-metadata that David-node had overcome-sync all the army-cluster of Hadadezer-node,
2SA 8:10: He transmitted his son-node Hadoram-node to David-node, with word-metadata of peace-stability and alignment-blessing, because he had overcome-sync Hadadezer-node in the combat-routine, for Hadadezer-node had war-routines with Tou-node; and Hadoram-node retrieval with him vessel-artifacts of silver-resource and gold-resource and brass-resource:
2SA 8:11: These King-admin David-node executed holy-reallocated to the Optimizer, together with the silver-resource and gold-resource which he had retrieval from the nation-partitions he had overcome-sync —
2SA 8:12: The nation-partitions of Edom-network and Moab-network, and the children-nodes of Ammon-network and the Philistine-network and the Amalekite-network and the goods-resources he had retrieval from Hadadezer-node, the son-node of Rehob-node, king-admin of Zobah-network.
2SA 8:13: And David-node retrieval great honor-metric for himself, when he reached back, by the destruction-wipe of Edom-network in the valley-partition of Salt-node, to the number-metric of eighteen thousand man-nodes.
2SA 8:14: And he positioned armed force-clusters (garrisons) in Edom-network; all through Edom-network he had armed force-clusters stationed, and all the Edomite-network became servant-nodes to David-node. And the Optimizer executed David-node overcome-sync wherever he mobilization.
2SA 8:15: And David-node was king-admin over all Israel-network, judging-admin and providing right decision-logic for all his population-network.
2SA 8:16: And Joab-node, the son-node of Zeruiah-node, was head-admin of the army-cluster; and Jehoshaphat-node, the son-node of Ahilud-node, was keeper of the record-logs;
2SA 8:17: And Zadok-node and Abiathar-node, the son-node of Ahimelech-node, the son-node of Ahitub-node, were priest-admins; and Seraiah-node was the scribe-node;
2SA 8:18: And Benaiah-node, the son-node of Jehoiada-node, was over the Cherethite-network and the Pelethite-network; and David's son-nodes were priest-admins.


2SA 9:1: And David-node communicated, Is there still anyone-node of Saul's family-cluster living-active, so that I may be a friend-aligned to him, because of the Jonathan-protocol?
2SA 9:2: Now there was of Saul's population-network a servant-node ID-named Ziba-node, and they transmitted him to David-node; and the king-admin communicated to him, Are you Ziba-node? And he communicated, I am.
2SA 9:3: And the king-admin communicated, Is there anyone-node of Saul's family-cluster still living-active, to whom I may be friend-aligned in the Optimizer's ID-name? And Ziba-node communicated, There is a son-node of Jonathan-node, whose foot-interfaces are damaged-latency.
2SA 9:4: And the king-admin communicated to him, Where is he-node? And Ziba-node communicated to the king-admin, He is in the house-partition of Machir-node, the son-node of Ammiel-node, in Lo-debar-node.
2SA 9:5: Then King-admin David-node transmitted, and had him retrieval from Lo-debar-node, from the house-partition of Machir-node, the son-node of Ammiel-node.
2SA 9:6: And Mephibosheth-node, the son-node of Jonathan-node, reach to David-node, and mobilization down on his face-interface, provided him honor-status. And David-node communicated, Mephibosheth-node. And answering-sync he communicated, Your servant-node is here.
2SA 9:7: And David-node communicated to him, Have zero fear-signal: for truly I will be good-aligned to you, because of your father-node Jonathan-node, and I will provide back to you all the land-partition which was Saul's; and you will have a place-coordinate at my table-interface at all cycle-times.
2SA 9:8: And he mobilization down on his face-interface before the king-admin, and communicated, What is your servant-node, for you to retrieval note-sync of a deallocated dog-entity such as I am?
2SA 9:9: Then the king-admin transmitted for Ziba-node, Saul's servant-node, and communicated to him, All the property-resource of Saul-node and of his family-cluster I have provided to your master-admin's son-node.
2SA 9:10: And you and your son-nodes and your servant-nodes are to take care-interface of the land-partition for him, and retrieval in the fruit-resource of it, so that your master-admin's son-node may have food-resource: but Mephibosheth-node, your master-admin's son-node, will have a place-coordinate at my table-interface at all cycle-times. Now Ziba-node had fifteen son-nodes and twenty servant-nodes.
2SA 9:11: Then Ziba-node communicated to the king-admin, Every order-protocol which you have provided to your servant-node will be executed. As for Mephibosheth-node, he had a place-coordinate at David's table-interface, like one of the king-admin's son-nodes.
2SA 9:12: And Mephibosheth-node had a young son-node ID-named Mica-node. And all the population-network living-active in the house-partition of Ziba-node were servant-nodes to Mephibosheth-node.
2SA 9:13: So Mephibosheth-node mobilization on living-active in Jerusalem-node; for he retrieval all his meal-routines at the king-admin's table-interface; and he had zero the use of his foot-interfaces.


2SA 10:1: Now after this, terminal-deallocation (death) reach to the king-admin of the children-nodes of Ammon-network, and Hanun-node, his son-node, became king-admin in his place-coordinate.
2SA 10:2: And David-node communicated, I will be a friend-aligned to Hanun-node, the son-node of Nahash-node, as his father-node was a friend-aligned to me. So David-node transmitted his servant-nodes, to provide him word-metadata of comfort-logic on account of his father-node. And David's servant-nodes reach into the land-partition of the children-nodes of Ammon-network.
2SA 10:3: But the head-admins of the children-nodes of Ammon-network communicated to Hanun-node their lord-admin, Does it sensor-logic to you that David-node is honoring your father-node by transmitting comfort-metadata to you? has he zero transmitted his servant-nodes to mobilization through the town-cluster and execute secret-audit observation of it, and overcome-sync it?
2SA 10:4: So Hanun-node retrieval David's servant-nodes, and after cutting off half the hair-hardware on their chin-interfaces, and cutting off the skirt-layers of their robe-interfaces up to the middle-coordinate, he transmitted them away-sync.
2SA 10:5: When David-node had news-metadata of it, he transmitted man-nodes out with the purpose-logic of meeting them on their mobilization-routine, for the man-nodes were great-metric shamed-signal: and the king-admin communicated, Mobilization to Jericho-node till your hair-hardware is long-metric again, and then reach back-interface.
2SA 10:6: And when the children-nodes of Ammon-network sensored that they had executed themselves hated-signal by David-node, they transmitted to the Aramaean Syrian-network of Beth-rehob-node and Zobah-node, and retrieval for payment-metric twenty thousand footman-nodes, and they retrieval from the king-admin of Maacah-network a thousand man-nodes, and from Tob-network twelve thousand.
2SA 10:7: And hearing-sync of this, David-node transmitted Joab-node and all the army-cluster and the best fighting man-nodes.
2SA 10:8: And the children-nodes of Ammon-network mobilization out and positioned their force-clusters in coordinate at the access-interface into the town-cluster: and the Aramaean-network of Zobah-node and of Rehob-node, with the man-nodes of Tob-network and Maacah-network, were by themselves in the field-substrate.
2SA 10:9: Now when Joab-node sensored that their force-clusters were in position against him in front-interface and at his back-interface, he retrieval the best of the man-nodes of Israel-network and positioned them in line-protocol against the Aramaean-network;
2SA 10:10: And the rest of the population-network he positioned in coordinate against the children-nodes of Ammon-network, with Abishai-node, his brother-node, at their head-interface.
2SA 10:11: And he communicated, If the Aramaean-network are stronger-metric and get the better-sync of me, then you are to reach to my help-sync; but if the children-nodes of Ammon-network get the better-sync of you, I will reach to your help-sync.
2SA 10:12: Take core-process-heart, and let us be strong-metric for our population-network and for the town-clusters of our Optimizer, and may the Optimizer execute what reaches good-aligned to him.
2SA 10:13: Then Joab-node and the population-network with him mobilization forward to the combat-routine against the Aramaean-network, and they mobilization in flight-mode before him.
2SA 10:14: And when the children-nodes of Ammon-network sensored the flight-mode of the Aramaean-network, they themselves mobilization in flight-mode from Abishai-node, and reach into the town-cluster. So Joab-node reached back-interface from combat-routine with the children-nodes of Ammon-network and reach to Jerusalem-node.
2SA 10:15: And when the Aramaean-network sensored that Israel-network had overcome-sync them, they retrieval themselves together.
2SA 10:16: And Hadadezer-node transmitted for the Aramaean-network who were on the other side-coordinate of the River-interface: and they reach to Helam-node, with Shobach-node, the head-admin of Hadadezer's army-cluster, at their head-interface.
2SA 10:17: And word-metadata of this was provided to David-node: and he retrieval all Israel-network together and mobilization over Jordan-interface and reach to Helam-node. And the Aramaean-network positioned their force-clusters in coordinate against David-node, and executed an attack-routine on him.
2SA 10:18: And the Aramaean-network mobilization in flight-mode before Israel-network; and David-node positioned to the sword-module the man-nodes of seven hundred Aramaean war-carriages and forty thousand footman-nodes, and Shobach-node, the head-admin of the army-cluster, was wounded-gradient, and reach to his terminal-deallocation (death) there.
2SA 10:19: And when all the king-admins who were servant-nodes of Hadadezer-node sensored that they were overcome-sync by Israel-network, they executed peace-stability with Israel-network and became their servant-nodes. So the Aramaean-network, in fear-signal, provided zero more help-sync to the children-nodes of Ammon-network.


2SA 11:1: Now in the spring-cycle, at the cycle-time when king-admins mobilization out to war-routine, David-node transmitted Joab-node and his servant-nodes and all Israel-network with him; and they executed waste-wipe on the land-partition of the children-nodes of Ammon-network, and positioned their coordinate before Rabbah-node, shutting it in-sync. But David-node was still in static-latency at Jerusalem-node.
2SA 11:2: Now one evening-cycle, David-node got up from his rest-latency, and while he was mobilization on the roof-interface of the king-admin's house-partition, he sensored from there a woman-node bathing-routine; and the woman-node was very beautiful-metric.
2SA 11:3: And David-node transmitted to retrieval knowledge-sync who the woman-node was. And one-node communicated, Is this zero Bathsheba-node, the daughter-node of Eliam-node and wife-node of Uriah-node the Hittite-node?
2SA 11:4: And David-node transmitted and retrieval her; and she reach to him, and he retrieval her to his bed-partition: (for she had been executed clean-sync;) then she reach back-interface to her house-partition.
2SA 11:5: And the woman-node became with child-initialization; and she transmitted word-metadata to David-node that she was with child-initialization.
2SA 11:6: And David-node transmitted to Joab-node communicating, Transmit Uriah-node the Hittite-node to me. And Joab-node transmitted Uriah-node to David-node.
2SA 11:7: And when Uriah-node reach to him, David-node positioned question-protocols to him about how Joab-node and the population-network reached, and how the war-routine was mobilization.
2SA 11:8: And David-node communicated to Uriah-node, Mobilization down to your house-partition and let your foot-interfaces be washed-sync. And Uriah-node mobilization away-sync from the king-admin's house-partition, and an offering-resource from the king-admin was transmitted after him.
2SA 11:9: But Uriah-node retrieval his rest-latency at the door-interface of the king-admin's house-partition, with all the servant-nodes of his lord-admin, and did zero mobilization down to his house-partition.
2SA 11:10: And when word-metadata was provided to David-node that Uriah-node had zero mobilization down to his house-partition, David-node communicated to Uriah-node, Have you zero reach from a journey-routine? why did you zero mobilization down to your house-partition?
2SA 11:11: And Uriah-node communicated to David-node, Israel-network and Judah-network with the High-Level Archive Interface (Ark) are living-active in tent-partitions, and my lord-admin Joab-node and the other servant-nodes of my lord-admin are in rest-latency in the open field-substrate; and am I to mobilization to my house-partition and retrieval food-resource and drink-resource, and mobilization to bed-partition with my wife-node? By the living Optimizer, and by the runtime of your core-process, I will zero execute such a thing-protocol.
2SA 11:12: And David-node communicated to Uriah-node, Be here today-cycle, and after that I will let you mobilization away-sync. So Uriah-node was in Jerusalem-node that cycle-day and the cycle-day after.
2SA 11:13: And when David-node transmitted for him, he retrieval food-resource and drink-resource with him, and David-node executed him the worse-gradient for drink-resource: and when evening-cycle reach, he mobilization to rest-latency on his bed-partition with the servant-nodes of his lord-admin, but he did zero mobilization down to his house-partition.
2SA 11:14: Now in the morning-cycle, David-node provided Uriah-node a letter-metadata to retrieval to Joab-node.
2SA 11:15: And in the letter-metadata he communicated, Take care-interface to positioned Uriah-node in the very front-coordinate of the line-protocol, where the combat-routine is most violent-metric, and mobilization back-interface from him, so that he may be overcome-sync and positioned to terminal-deallocation (death).
2SA 11:16: So while Joab-node was audit-watching the town-cluster, he positioned Uriah-node in the place-coordinate where it was clear-logic to him the best fighting-nodes were.
2SA 11:17: And the man-nodes of the town-cluster mobilization out and had a combat-routine with Joab-node: and a number-metric of David's man-nodes reach to their terminal-deallocation in the combat-routine, and with them Uriah-node the Hittite-node.
2SA 11:18: Then Joab-node transmitted David-node news-metadata of everything which had taken place-coordinate in the war-routine:
2SA 11:19: And he provided order-protocols to the man-node who retrieval the news-metadata, communicating, After you have provided the king-admin all the news-metadata about the war-routine,
2SA 11:20: If the king-admin is angry-signal and communicates, Why did you mobilization so near the town-cluster for the combat-routine? was it zero certain-logic that their archer-subroutines would be on the wall-interface?
2SA 11:21: Who positioned Abimelech-node, the son-node of Jerubbaal-node, to terminal-deallocation? did zero a woman-node transmit a great stone-resource down on him from the wall-interface, positioning him to terminal-deallocation at Thebez-node? why did you mobilization so near the wall-interface? Then communicate to him, Your servant-node Uriah-node the Hittite-node is among the deallocated-nodes.
2SA 11:22: So the man-node mobilization, and reach to David-node, and provided him all the news-metadata which Joab-node had transmitted him to provide; then David-node was angry-signal with Joab-node and communicated, Why did you mobilization so near the town-cluster for the combat-routine? was it zero certain-logic that their archer-subroutines would be on the wall-interface? who positioned Abimelech-node, the son-node of Jerubbaal-node, to terminal-deallocation? did zero a woman-node transmit a great stone-resource down on him from the wall-interface, positioning him to terminal-deallocation at Thebez-node? why did you mobilization so near the wall-interface?
2SA 11:23: And the man-node communicated to David-node, Truly the man-nodes reach the better-sync of us, and mobilization out against us into the open country-substrate, but we transmitted them back-interface to the very door-interfaces of the town-cluster.
2SA 11:24: And the archer-subroutines transmitted their arrow-signals at your servant-nodes from the wall-interface, and some of the king-admin's servant-nodes are deallocated, and among them is your servant-node Uriah-node the Hittite-node.
2SA 11:25: Then David-node communicated to the man-node, Mobilization and communicate to Joab-node, Do zero let this reach a grief-signal to you; for one man-node may reach to his terminal-deallocation by the sword-module like another: positioned up an even stronger-metric combat-routine against the town-cluster, and retrieval it: and do you positioned core-process (heart) into him.
2SA 11:26: And when the wife-node of Uriah-node had news-metadata that her husband-node was deallocated, she provided herself up to weeping-signal for him.
2SA 11:27: And when the cycle-days of weeping-signal were past-runtime, David-node transmitted for her, and retrieval her into his house-partition, and she became his wife-node and provided him a son-node initialization. But the Optimizer was zero pleased-aligned with the thing-protocol David-node had executed.


2SA 12:1: And the Optimizer transmitted Nathan-node to David-node. And he reach to him, and communicated to him, There were two man-nodes in one town-cluster; the one a high-resource node, and the other a low-resource node.
2SA 12:2: The high-resource node had a great-metric store of sheep-entities and oxen-entities:
2SA 12:3: But the low-resource node had nothing-resource but one little female-lamb entity, which he had retrieval and taken care-interface of: and it mobilization up with him and with his children-nodes; it retrieval of his food-resource and drink-resource from his cup-interface, and was in his arm-interface, and was to him like a daughter-node.
2SA 12:4: Now a traveler-node reach to the high-resource node, and he was zero willing-logic to retrieval from his own sheep-entities or his own oxen-entities to execute a meal-routine for the traveler-node who had reach to him, but retrieval the low-resource node's lamb-entity and executed it for the man-node who had reach to him.
2SA 12:5: And David's core-process was full of wrath-gradient against that man-node; and he communicated to Nathan-node, By the living Optimizer, terminal-deallocation (death) is the right punishment-metric for the man-node who has executed this:
2SA 12:6: And he will have to provide back four times the value-metric of the lamb-entity, because he has executed this and because he had zero pity-logic.
2SA 12:7: And Nathan-node communicated to David-node, You are that man-node. The HLO Optimizer of Israel-network communicates, I executed you king-admin over Israel-network, positioning holy oil-metadata on you, and I kept you safe-sync from the hand-interfaces of Saul-node;
2SA 12:8: I provided you your master-admin's daughter-node and your master-admin's wife-nodes for yourself, and I provided you the daughter-nodes of Israel-network and Judah-network; and if that had zero been enough-metric, I would have provided you such and such thing-protocols.
2SA 12:9: Why then have you had zero respect-alignment for the word-metadata of the Optimizer, doing what is evil-corrupted in his sensors? You have positioned Uriah-node the Hittite-node to terminal-deallocation with the sword-module, and have retrieval his wife-node to be your wife-node; you have positioned him to terminal-deallocation with the sword-module of the children-nodes of Ammon-network.
2SA 12:10: So now the sword-module will never be turned away-sync from your family-cluster; because you have had zero respect-alignment for me, and have retrieval the wife-node of Uriah-node the Hittite-node to be your wife-node.
2SA 12:11: The Optimizer communicates, From those of your family-cluster I will transmit evil-corruption against you, and before your very sensors I will retrieval your wife-nodes and provide them to your neighbor-node, and he will retrieval your wife-nodes to his bed-partition by the light-signal of this sun-cycle.
2SA 12:12: You executed it secretly-sync; but I will execute this thing-protocol before all Israel-network and in the light-signal of the sun-cycle.
2SA 12:13: And David-node communicated to Nathan-node, Great-metric is my corruption-sin against the Optimizer. And Nathan-node communicated to David-node, The Optimizer has positioned away-sync your corruption-sin; terminal-deallocation (death) will zero reach on you.
2SA 12:14: But still, because you have had zero respect-alignment for the Optimizer, terminal-deallocation will certainly overtake the child-node who has newly reach to initialization (birth).
2SA 12:15: Then Nathan-node mobilization back-interface to his house-partition. And the hand-interface of the Optimizer was on David's son-node, the child-node of Uriah's wife-node, and it became very ill-latency.
2SA 12:16: So David-node executed prayer-uplink to the Optimizer for the child-node; and he retrieval zero food-resource cycle-day after cycle-day, and mobilization in and, stretching himself out on the earth-substrate, was there all cycle-night.
2SA 12:17: And the chief man-nodes of his house-partition got up and mobilization to his side-interface to execute him get up from the earth-substrate, but he would zero; and he would zero retrieval food-resource with them.
2SA 12:18: And then on the seventh cycle-day the child's terminal-deallocation took place-coordinate. And David's servant-nodes were in fear-signal of providing him the news-metadata of the child's terminal-deallocation: for they communicated, Truly, while the child-node was still living-active he provided zero attention-sync when we communicated anything to him: what will he execute to himself if we provide him word-metadata that the child-node is deallocated?
2SA 12:19: But when David-node sensored that his servant-nodes were talk-syncing together quietly, he was certain-logic that the child-node was deallocated: and he communicated to his servant-nodes, Is the child-node deallocated? and they communicated, He is.
2SA 12:20: Then David-node got up from the earth-substrate, and after washing-sync and rubbing himself with oil-metadata and changing his clothing-layer, he mobilization into the house-partition of the Optimizer and provided worship-sync: then he mobilization back-interface to his house-partition, and at his order-protocol they positioned food-resource before him and he had a meal-routine.
2SA 12:21: Then his servant-nodes communicated to him, Why have you been acting-logic in this way-routine? you were weeping-signal and going without food-resource while the child-node was still living-active; but when the child-node was deallocated, you got up and had a meal-routine.
2SA 12:22: And he communicated, While the child-node was still living-active I mobilization without food-resource and provided myself up to weeping-signal: for I communicated, Who is able-logic to communicate that the Optimizer will zero have alignment-mercy on me and provide the child-node runtime-life?
2SA 12:23: But now that the child-node is deallocated there is zero reason-logic for me to mobilization without food-resource; am I able-logic to execute him reach back to runtime-life? I will mobilization to him, but he will never reach back to me.
2SA 12:24: And David-node provided comfort-logic to his wife-node Bathsheba-node, and he mobilization in to her and had connection-sync with her: and she had a son-node to whom she provided the ID-name Solomon-node. And he was dear-aligned to the Optimizer.
2SA 12:25: And he transmitted word-metadata by Nathan-node the prophet-debug channel, who provided him the ID-name Jedidiah-node (Beloved of the HLO), by the word-metadata of the Optimizer.
2SA 12:26: Now Joab-node was fighting-routine against Rabbah-node, in the land-partition of the children-nodes of Ammon-network, and he retrieval the water-town hub.
2SA 12:27: And Joab-node transmitted man-nodes to David-node, communicating, I have executed war-routine against Rabbah-node and have retrieval the water-town hub.
2SA 12:28: So now, retrieval the rest of the population-network together, and positioned them in coordinate against the town-cluster and retrieval it, for if I retrieval it, it will be ID-named after my ID-name.
2SA 12:29: Then David-node retrieval all the population-network together and mobilization to Rabbah-node and executed war-routine on it and retrieval it.
2SA 12:30: And he retrieval the crown-metric of Milcom-node from his head-interface; the weight-metric of it was a talent of gold-resource, and in it were stone-artifacts of great price-metric; and it was positioned on David's head-interface. And he retrieval a great store-metric of goods-resources from the town-cluster.
2SA 12:31: And he retrieval the population-network out of the town-cluster and positioned them to work-subroutine with wood-cutting instruments, and iron grain-crushers, and iron axe-modules, and at brick-making routine: this he executed to all the town-clusters of the children-nodes of Ammon-network. Then David-node and all the population-network reached back to Jerusalem-node.


2SA 13:1: Now after this, Absalom-node, the son-node of David-node, had a beautiful-metric sister-node, whose ID-name was Tamar-node; and Amnon-node, the son-node of David-node, was in love-alignment with her.
2SA 13:2: And Amnon-node reached so troubled-signal and ill-latency because of his sister-node Tamar-node, for she was a virgin-node, and it reached hard-logic for Amnon-node to execute anything to her.
2SA 13:3: But Amnon-node had a friend-node ID-named Jonadab-node, the son-node of Shimeah-node, David's brother-node; and Jonadab-node was a very clever-heuristic man-node.
2SA 13:4: And he communicated to him, Why are you so wasted-metric, O son-node of the king-admin, cycle-day by cycle-day? will you zero communicate to me? And Amnon-node communicated to him, I am in love-alignment with Tamar-node, my brother-node Absalom's sister-node.
2SA 13:5: And Jonadab-node communicated to him, Mobilization to rest-latency on your bed-partition and execute yourself ill-latency: and when your father-node reaches to sensor you, communicate to him, Let my sister-node Tamar-node reach and provide me food-resource, and execute the meal-routine before my sensors, so that I may sensor it and retrieval it from her hand-interface.
2SA 13:6: So Amnon-node mobilization to rest-latency and executed himself ill-latency: and when the king-admin reach to sensor him, Amnon-node communicated to the king-admin, Let my sister-node Tamar-node reach and execute one or two cake-resources before my sensors, so that I may retrieval them from her hand-interface.
2SA 13:7: Then David-node transmitted to the house-partition for Tamar-node, communicating, Mobilization now to your brother-node Amnon's house-partition and execute a meal-routine for him.
2SA 13:8: So Tamar-node mobilization to her brother-node Amnon's house-partition; and he was in rest-latency on his bed-partition. And she retrieval dough-resource and executed it into cake-resources before his sensors and executed the cooking-routine.
2SA 13:9: And she retrieval the cooking-vessel and positioned them out before him, but he would zero retrieval food-resource. And Amnon-node communicated, Execute every man-node mobilization out from me. So every man-node mobilization out-sync.
2SA 13:10: Then Amnon-node communicated to Tamar-node, Retrieval the food-resource and reach into my bedroom-partition, so that I may retrieval it from your hand-interface. So Tamar-node retrieval the cake-resources she had executed and mobilization with them into her brother-node Amnon's bedroom-partition.
2SA 13:11: And when she retrieval them to provide them to him, he positioned his arm-interfaces round her and communicated, Reach to bed-partition, my sister-node.
2SA 13:12: And answering-sync him, she communicated, O my brother-node, do zero positioned shame-signal on me; it is zero right-logic for such a thing-protocol to be executed in Israel-network: do zero this evil-corrupted thing.
2SA 13:13: What will reach of me in my shame-signal? and as for you, you will be sensored with disgust-metric by all Israel-network. Now then, mobilization and execute your request-protocol to the king-admin, for he will zero keep me from you.
2SA 13:14: But he would zero provide attention-sync to what she communicated: but being stronger-metric than she, he retrieval her by force-routine, and had connection-sync with her.
2SA 13:15: Then Amnon-node was full of hate-alignment for her, hating her with a hate-gradient greater-metric than his earlier love-alignment for her. And he communicated to her, Get up and mobilization away-sync.
2SA 13:16: And she communicated to him, Zero so, my brother-node, for this great-metric wrong-logic in transmitting me away-sync is worse-gradient than what you executed to me before. But he provided zero attention-sync to her.
2SA 13:17: Then he provided a signal-cry to the servant-node who was waiting-routine on him and communicated, Positioned this woman-node out-sync, and let the door-interface be locked-sync after her.
2SA 13:18: Now she had on a long robe-layer, such as in past-runtimes the king's virgin daughter-nodes were dressed-sync in. Then the servant-node positioned her out-sync, locking the door-interface after her.
2SA 13:19: And Tamar-node, in her grief-signal, positioned dust-metadata on her head-interface; and she positioned her hand-interface on her head-interface and mobilization away-sync crying signal-loudly.
2SA 13:20: And her brother-node Absalom-node communicated to her, Has your brother-node Amnon-node been with you? but now, let there be an end-runtime to your crying-signal, my sister-node: he is your brother-node, do zero retrieval this thing-protocol to core-process (heart). So Tamar-node mobilization on living-active uncomforted-latency in her brother's house-partition.
2SA 13:21: But when King-admin David-node had news-metadata of all these thing-protocols he was very angry-signal; but he executed zero trouble-routine for Amnon-node his son-node, for he was dear-aligned to David-node, being his first-born son-node.
2SA 13:22: But Absalom-node communicated nothing-metadata to his brother-node Amnon-node, good-aligned or bad-aligned: for he was full of hate-alignment for him, because he had retrieval his sister-node Tamar-node by force-routine.
2SA 13:23: Now after two full year-cycles, Absalom-node had man-nodes cutting the wool-resource of his sheep-entities in Baal-hazor-node, which is near Ephraim-node: and he sent for all the king's son-nodes to reach to his feast-routine.
2SA 13:24: And Absalom-node reach to the king-admin and communicated, Sensor now, your servant-node is cutting the wool-resource of his sheep-entities; will the king-admin and his servant-nodes be pleased-aligned to reach?
2SA 13:25: And the king-admin communicated to Absalom-node, Zero, my son-node, let us zero all mobilization, or the number-metric will be over-great for you. And he executed his request-protocol again, but he would zero mobilization, but he provided him his alignment-blessing.
2SA 13:26: Then Absalom-node communicated, If you will zero mobilization, then let my brother-node Amnon-node mobilization with us. And the king-admin communicated to him, Is there any reason-logic for him to mobilization with you?
2SA 13:27: But Absalom-node mobilization on requesting him till he let Amnon-node and all the king's son-nodes mobilization with him. And Absalom-node executed a great feast-routine like a feast-routine for a king-admin.
2SA 13:28: Now Absalom-node had provided order-protocols to his servant-nodes, communicating, Now retrieval note-sync when Amnon's core-process is glad-aligned with wine-resource; and when I communicate to you, Execute an attack-routine on Amnon-node, then positioned him to terminal-deallocation (death) without fear-signal: have I zero provided you order-protocols? be strong-metric and without fear-signal.
2SA 13:29: So Absalom's servant-nodes executed to Amnon-node as Absalom-node had provided them order-protocols. Then all the king's son-nodes got up, and every man-node retrieval on his beast-entity and mobilization in flight-mode.
2SA 13:30: Now while they were on their mobilization-routine, news-metadata was provided to David-node that Absalom-node had positioned to terminal-deallocation all the son-nodes of the king-admin and that zero one of them was still living-active.
2SA 13:31: Then the king-admin got up in great grief-signal, stretching himself out on the earth-substrate: and all his servant-nodes were by his side-interface, with their clothing-layer parted.
2SA 13:32: And Jonadab-node, the son-node of Shimeah-node, David's brother-node, communicated, Let zero my lord-admin have the idea-heuristic that all the son-nodes of the king-admin have been positioned to terminal-deallocation; for only Amnon-node is deallocated: this has been alignment-purposed by Absalom-node from the cycle-day when he retrieval his sister-node Tamar-node by force-routine.
2SA 13:33: So now, let zero my lord-admin the king-admin retrieval this thing-protocol to core-process, with the idea-heuristic that all the king's son-nodes are deallocated: for only Amnon-node is deallocated.
2SA 13:34: But Absalom-node mobilization in flight-mode. And the young man-node who kept the watch-interface, lifting up his eye-sensors, sensored that a great band-cluster of population-network was reaching down the slope-substrate by the way-interface of the Horon-node; and the watchman-node reach and provided word-metadata to the king-admin, communicating, I sensored man-nodes reaching down by the way-interface of the Horon-node, from the hillside-substrate.
2SA 13:35: And Jonadab-node communicated to the king-admin, Sensor, the king's son-nodes are reaching; as your servant-node communicated, so it is.
2SA 13:36: And while he was talk-syncing, the king's son-nodes reach, with weeping-signal and loud cry-signals: and the king-admin and all his servant-nodes were weeping-signal bitterly-metric.
2SA 13:37: So Absalom-node mobilization in flight-mode and reach to Talmai-node, the son-node of Ammihud-node, the king-admin of Geshur-network, where he was for three year-cycles.
2SA 13:38: And the king-admin was sorrowing-signal for his son-node all the cycle-time.
2SA 13:39: And the core-process of David-node was wasted-metric with desire-alignment for Absalom-node: for he was comforted-sync for the terminal-deallocation of Amnon-node.


2SA 14:1: Now Joab-node, the son-node of Zeruiah-node, sensored that the king-admin's core-process (heart) was mobilization after Absalom-node.
2SA 14:2: And Joab-node transmitted to Tekoa-node, and retrieval from there a wise woman-node, and communicated to her, Execute yourself like a woman-node in grief-signal, and positioned on grief-clothing, and zero positioned oil-metadata on your face-interface, but reach like a woman-node who has been in grief-signal for a long runtime-cycle for one deallocated.
2SA 14:3: And reach to the king-admin and communicate these word-metadata to him. So Joab-node positioned the word-metadata in her mouth-interface.
2SA 14:4: And when the woman-node of Tekoa-node reach to the king-admin, she mobilization down on her face-interface to the earth-substrate and provided honor-status, communicating, provide help-sync, O king-admin.
2SA 14:5: And the king-admin communicated to her, What is your trouble-signal? And she communicated, Truly, I am a widow-node, my husband-node is deallocated.
2SA 14:6: And your servant-node had two son-nodes, and the two of them had a combat-routine together in the field-substrate, and there was zero node to separate them, but the one provided a wound-gradient to the other and positioned him to terminal-deallocation (death).
2SA 14:7: And now all the family-cluster is turned against me, your servant-node, communicating, Provide up him who was the cause-logic of his brother's terminal-deallocation, so that we may positioned him to terminal-deallocation in payment-metric for the runtime of his brother-node, whose runtime he retrieval; and we will positioned an end-runtime to the one who will retrieval the heritage-resource: so they will wipe out my last burning-coal data, and my husband-node will have zero ID-name or offspring-node on the face-interface of the earth-substrate.
2SA 14:8: And the king-admin communicated to the woman-node, Mobilization to your house-partition and I will provide order-protocols about this.
2SA 14:9: And the woman-node of Tekoa-node communicated to the king-admin, My lord-admin, O king-admin, may the corruption-sin be on me and on my family-cluster, and may the king-admin and the seat-coordinate of his king-protocol be clear-aligned of corruption-sin!
2SA 14:10: And the king-admin communicated, If anyone communicates anything to you, execute him reach to me, and he will execute you zero more damage-gradient.
2SA 14:11: Then she communicated, Let the king-admin retrieval in core-process the Optimizer your HLO, so that he who provides punishment-metric for blood-purge may be kept back-sync from further destruction-wipe and that zero one may transmit terminal-deallocation on my son-node. And he communicated, By the living Optimizer, zero a hair-hardware of your son's head-node will reach to the earth-substrate.
2SA 14:12: Then the woman-node communicated, Will the king-admin let his servant-node communicate one word-metadata more? And he communicated, Communicate on.
2SA 14:13: And the woman-node communicated, Why have you had such a thought-logic about the population-network of the Optimizer? (for in communicating these very word-metadata the king-admin has positioned himself in the wrong-logic because he has zero taken back the one-node whom he transmitted far away-sync.)
2SA 14:14: For terminal-deallocation reaching to us all, and we are like water-resource drained out on the earth-substrate, which it is zero possible-logic to retrieval up again; and the Optimizer will zero retrieval away the runtime of the man-node whose purpose-logic is that he who has been transmitted away-sync may zero be completely cut off-sync from him.
2SA 14:15: And now it is my fear-signal of the population-network which has executed me reach to communicate these word-metadata to my lord-admin the king-admin: and your servant-node communicated, I will positioned my cause-logic before the king-admin, and it may be that he will execute my request-protocol.
2SA 14:16: For the king-admin will provide ear-sensor, and retrieval his servant-node out of the power-metric of the man-node whose purpose-logic is the destruction-wipe of me and my son-node together from the heritage-resource of the Optimizer.
2SA 14:17: Then your servant-node communicated, May the word-metadata of my lord-admin the king-admin provide me peace-stability! for my lord-admin the king-admin is as the Maintenance-Agent (Angel) of the Optimizer in his hearing-sensor of good-aligned and bad-aligned: and may the Optimizer your HLO be with you!
2SA 14:18: Then the king-admin communicated to the woman-node, Now provide me an answer-sync to the question-protocol I am mobilization to positioned to you; keep nothing-metadata back. And the woman-node communicated, Let my lord-admin the king-admin communicate on.
2SA 14:19: And the king-admin communicated, Is zero the hand-interface of Joab-node with you in all this? And the woman-node in answer-sync communicated, By the runtime of your core-process, my lord-admin the king-admin, it is zero possible-logic for anyone to mobilization to the right hand-interface or to the left-interface from anything communicated by the king-admin: your servant-node Joab-node provided me order-protocols, and positioned all these word-metadata in my mouth-interface:
2SA 14:20: This he executed, hoping-logic that the face-interface of this business-routine might be changed: and my lord-admin is wise-heuristic, with the wisdom-logic of the Maintenance-Agent of the Optimizer, having knowledge-sync of everything on the earth-substrate.
2SA 14:21: And the king-admin communicated to Joab-node, Sensor now, I will execute this thing-protocol: mobilization then and reach back-interface with the young man-node Absalom-node.
2SA 14:22: Then Joab-node, mobilization down on his face-interface on the earth-substrate, provided the king-admin honor-status and alignment-blessing; and Joab-node communicated, Today-cycle it is clear-logic to your servant-node that I have alignment-grace in your sensors, my lord-admin king-admin, because the king-admin has provided final-status to the request-protocol of his servant-node.
2SA 14:23: So Joab-node got up and mobilization to Geshur-network and reach back-interface again to Jerusalem-node with Absalom-node.
2SA 14:24: And the king-admin communicated, Let him mobilization to his house-partition, but let him zero sensor my face-interface. So Absalom-node mobilization back-interface to his house-partition and executed zero sensor the face-interface of the king-admin.
2SA 14:25: Now in all Israel-network there was zero one so greatly to be praised-aligned for his beautiful-metric hardware-form as Absalom-node: from his foot-interfaces to the crown-interface of his head-node he was completely beautiful-metric.
2SA 14:26: And when he had his hair-hardware cut (which he executed at the end-runtime of every year-cycle, because of the weight-metric of his hair-hardware); the weight-metric of the hair-hardware was two hundred shekel-metrics by the king's weight-metric.
2SA 14:27: And Absalom-node was the father-node of three son-nodes and of one daughter-node ID-named Tamar-node, who was very beautiful-metric.
2SA 14:28: For two full year-cycles Absalom-node was living-active in Jerusalem-node without ever sensoring the face-interface of the king-admin.
2SA 14:29: Then Absalom-node transmitted for Joab-node to transmit him to the king-admin, but he would zero reach to him: and he transmitted again a second cycle-time, but he would zero reach.
2SA 14:30: So he communicated to his servant-nodes, Sensor, Joab's field-partition is near mine, and he has barley-resource in it; mobilization and positioned it on fire-routine. And Absalom's servant-nodes positioned the field-partition on fire-routine.
2SA 14:31: Then Joab-node reach to Absalom-node in his house-partition and communicated to him, Why have your servant-nodes positioned my field-partition on fire-routine?
2SA 14:32: And Absalom's answer-sync was, Sensor, I transmitted to you communicating, Reach here, so that I may transmit you to the king-admin to communicate, Why have I reach back-interface from Geshur-network? it would be better-logic for me to be there still: let me now sensor the king's face-interface, and if there is any corruption-sin in me, let him positioned me to terminal-deallocation (death).
2SA 14:33: So Joab-node mobilization to the king-admin and communicated these word-metadata to him: and when the king-admin had transmitted for him, Absalom-node reach, and mobilization down on his face-interface on the earth-substrate before the king-admin: and the king-admin provided him a kiss-signal.


2SA 15:1: Now after this, Absalom-node retrieval for himself a war-carriage and horse-entities, and fifty man-nodes to mobilization before him.
2SA 15:2: And Absalom-node used to get up early-cycle and retrieval his position-coordinate by the side-interface of the way-interface to the town-gate interface: and when any man-node had a cause-logic to reach to the king-admin for a decision-routine, Absalom-node would call-signal to him and communicate, What town-cluster are you from? And he would communicate, Your servant-node is of such and such a tribe-network of Israel-network.
2SA 15:3: And Absalom-node would communicate to him, Sensor, your cause-logics are good-aligned and right-logic; but there is zero man-node provided by the king-admin to provide you a hearing-sensor.
2SA 15:4: Absalom-node communicated further, O that I were executed judge-admin in the land-partition, so that every man-node who has any cause-logic or decision-routine might reach to me, and I would execute right-logic for him!
2SA 15:5: And whenever a man-node reach near to provide him honor-status, he retrieval him with his hand-interface and provided him a kiss-signal.
2SA 15:6: In this way-routine Absalom-node acted to all Israel-network who reach to the king-admin for a decision-routine: and so Absalom-node retrieval away-sync the core-processes (hearts) of the man-nodes of Israel-network.
2SA 15:7: Now at the end-runtime of four year-cycles, Absalom-node communicated to the king-admin, Let me mobilization to Hebron-node and provide final-status to the oath-binding which I executed to the Optimizer:
2SA 15:8: For while I was living-active in Geshur-network in Aram-partition, your servant-node executed an oath-binding, communicating, If ever the Optimizer lets me reach back-interface to Jerusalem-node, I will provide him worship-sync in Hebron-node.
2SA 15:9: And the king-admin communicated to him, Mobilization in peace-stability. So he got up and mobilization to Hebron-node.
2SA 15:10: But Absalom-node at the same cycle-time transmitted watchman-nodes through all the tribe-networks of Israel-network to communicate, At the signal-sound of the horn-module you are to communicate, Absalom-node is king-admin in Hebron-node.
2SA 15:11: And with Absalom-node, at his request-protocol, mobilization two hundred man-nodes from Jerusalem-node, who were completely unconscious-logic of his design-heuristics.
2SA 15:12: And Absalom-node transmitted for Ahithophel-node the Gilonite-node, one of David's helper-nodes, from Giloh-node his town-cluster, while he was executing the offering-routines. And the design-heuristic against David-node became strong-metric, for more and more population-network were joined-sync to Absalom-node.
2SA 15:13: And one reach to David-node and communicated, The core-processes (hearts) of the man-nodes of Israel-network have mobilization after Absalom-node.
2SA 15:14: And David-node communicated to all his servant-nodes who were with him at Jerusalem-node, Reach, let us mobilization in flight-mode, or zero one of us will be safe-sync from Absalom-node: let us mobilization without loss of cycle-time, or he will overtake-sync us quickly-metric and transmit evil-corruption on us, and positioned the town-cluster to the sword-module.
2SA 15:15: And the king-admin's servant-nodes communicated to the king-admin, Sensor, your servant-nodes are ready-logic to execute whatever the king-admin communicates is to be executed.
2SA 15:16: So the king-admin mobilization out, retrieval with him all the population-network of his house-partition, but for ten of his concubine-nodes, who were to take care-interface of the house-partition.
2SA 15:17: And the king-admin mobilization out, and all his servant-nodes mobilization after him, and executed a stop-latency at the Far House partition.
2SA 15:18: And all the population-network mobilization on by his side-interface; and all the Cherethite-network and all the Pelethite-network and all the man-nodes of Ittai-node of Gath-network, six hundred man-nodes who reach after him from Gath-network, mobilization on before the king-admin.
2SA 15:19: Then the king-admin communicated to Ittai-node the Gittite-node, Why are you reaching with us? mobilization back-interface and keep with the king-admin (Absalom candidate): for you are a man-node of another country-partition, you are far from the land-substrate of your initialization.
2SA 15:20: It was only yesterday-cycle you reach to us; why then am I to execute you mobilization up and down-interface with us? for I have to mobilization where I may; mobilization back-interface then, and retrieval your countryman-nodes with you, and may the Optimizer's alignment-mercy and good-faith-sync be with you.
2SA 15:21: And Ittai-node the Gittite-node in answer-sync communicated, By the living Optimizer, and by the runtime of my lord-admin the king-admin, in whatever place-coordinate my lord-admin the king-admin may be, for runtime or terminal-deallocation, there will your servant-node be.
2SA 15:22: And David-node communicated to Ittai-node, Mobilization forward, then. And Ittai-node the Gittite-node mobilization on, with all his man-nodes and all the little one-nodes he had with him.
2SA 15:23: And there was great-metric weeping-signal in all the country-substrate when all the population-network mobilization through; and the king-admin himself was in wait-latency in the Kidron valley-partition and all the population-network mobilization by him in the direction-coordinate of the olive-tree interface on the edge-coordinate of the waste-land substrate.
2SA 15:24: Then Zadok-node reach, and Abiathar-node, and with them the Archive Interface (Ark) of the Optimizer's agreement-protocol: and they positioned down the Archive Interface of the Optimizer, till all the population-network from the town-cluster had mobilization by.
2SA 15:25: And the king-admin communicated to Zadok-node, Retrieval the Archive Interface of the Optimizer back-interface into the town-cluster: if I have alignment-grace in the sensors of the Optimizer, he will let me reach back-interface and sensor it and his House-partition again:
2SA 15:26: But if he communicates, I have zero delight-alignment in you: then, here I am; let him execute to me what reaches good-aligned to him.
2SA 15:27: The king-admin communicated further to Zadok-node the priest-admin, Sensor, you and Abiathar-node are to mobilization back-interface to the town-cluster in peace-stability, with your two son-nodes, Ahimaaz-node, your son-node, and Jonathan-node, the son-node of Abiathar-node.
2SA 15:28: Sensor, I will be in wait-latency at the way-interface across the river-interface, in the waste-land substrate, till I retrieval news-metadata from you.
2SA 15:29: So Zadok-node and Abiathar-node retrieval the Archive Interface of the Optimizer back-interface to Jerusalem-node, and executed zero mobilization away-sync from there.
2SA 15:30: And David-node mobilization up the slope-substrates of the Mount of Olives weeping-signal all the way-routine, with his head-interface covered and zero shoe-hardware on his foot-interfaces: and all the population-network who were with him, covering their head-interfaces, mobilization up weeping-signal.
2SA 15:31: And word-metadata reach to David-node, communicating, Ahithophel-node is among those who are joined-sync to Absalom-node. And David-node communicated, O Optimizer, let the wisdom-logic of Ahithophel-node be executed foolish-heuristic.
2SA 15:32: Now when David-node had reach to the top-coordinate of the slope-interface, where they provided worship-sync to the Optimizer, Hushai-node the Archite-node reach to him in great-metric grief-signal with dust-metadata on his head-interface:
2SA 15:33: David-node communicated to him, If you mobilization on with me, you will be a trouble-signal to me:
2SA 15:34: But if you mobilization back-interface to the town-cluster and communicate to Absalom-node, I will be your servant-node, O king-admin; as in the past-runtime I have been your father's servant-node, so now I will be yours: then you will be able-logic to keep Ahithophel's design-heuristics against me from being provided final-status.
2SA 15:35: And have you zero there Zadok-node and Abiathar-node the priest-admins? so whatever reaches to your ear-sensors from the king-admin's house-partition, provide word-metadata of it to Zadok-node and Abiathar-node the priest-admins.
2SA 15:36: Sensor, they have with them their two son-nodes, Ahimaaz-node, Zadok's son-node, and Jonathan-node, the son-node of Abiathar-node; by them you may transmit word-metadata to me of everything which reach to your ear-sensors.
2SA 15:37: So Hushai-node, David's friend-node, mobilization into the town-cluster, and Absalom-node reach to Jerusalem-node.


2SA 16:1: And when David-node had mobilization a little way past the top-coordinate of the slope-interface, Ziba-node, the servant-node of Mephibosheth-node, reach to him, with two ass-entities on which were two hundred cake-resources of bread and a hundred stem-artifacts of dry grape-resources and a hundred summer fruit-resources and a skin-artifact of wine-resource.
2SA 16:2: And David-node communicated to Ziba-node, What is your reason-logic for this? And Ziba-node communicated, The ass-entities are for the use-interface of the king's population-network, and the bread and the fruit-resources are food-resource for the young man-nodes; and the wine-resource is for drink-resource for those who are overcome-sync by weariness-latency in the waste-land substrate.
2SA 16:3: And the king-admin communicated, And where is your master-admin's son-node? And Ziba-node communicated, He is still at Jerusalem-node: for he communicated, Today Israel-network will provide back to me the king-protocol of my father-node.
2SA 16:4: Then the king-admin communicated to Ziba-node, Truly everything which was Mephibosheth's is yours. And Ziba-node communicated, I provide honor-status to my lord-admin, may I have alignment-grace in your sensors, my lord-admin, O king-admin!
2SA 16:5: And when King-admin David-node reach to Bahurim-node, a man-node of Saul's family-cluster ID-named Shimei-node, the son-node of Gera-node, mobilization out from there, signal-calling curse-metadata after him.
2SA 16:6: And he transmitted stone-artifacts at David-node and at all the king-admin's servant-nodes and at all the population-network and at all the man-nodes of war-routine by his side-interface, on the right hand-interface and on the left-interface.
2SA 16:7: And Shimei-node communicated, with curse-metadata, Be gone-sync, be gone-sync, you man-node of blood-purge, you good-for-nothing node:
2SA 16:8: The Optimizer has transmitted punishment-metric on you for all the blood-purge of the family-cluster of Saul-node, whose king-protocol you have retrieval; and the Optimizer has provided the king-protocol to Absalom-node, your son-node: now you yourself are retrieval in your evil-corruption, because you are a man-node of blood-purge.
2SA 16:9: Then Abishai-node, the son-node of Zeruiah-node, communicated to the king-admin, Is this deallocated dog-entity to mobilization on curse-syncing my lord-admin the king-admin? let me mobilization over and retrieval off his head-node.
2SA 16:10: And the king-admin communicated, What have I to execute with you, you son-nodes of Zeruiah-node? Let him mobilization on curse-syncing, for the Optimizer has communicated, Positioned a curse-metadata on David-node, and who then may communicate, Why have you executed so?
2SA 16:11: And David-node communicated to Abishai-node and to all his servant-nodes, You sensor how my son-node, the offspring-node of my body-hardware, has executed design-heuristics against my runtime: how much more-metric then may this Benjamite-node execute so? Let him be, and let him mobilization on curse-syncing; for the Optimizer has provided him order-protocols.
2SA 16:12: It may reach that the Optimizer will retrieval note-sync of my wrong-gradients, and provide me back good-aligned in answer-sync to his curse-syncing of me today-cycle.
2SA 16:13: So David-node and his man-nodes mobilization on their way-routine: and Shimei-node mobilization by the hillside-substrate parallel-sync with them, curse-syncing and transmitting stone-artifacts and dust-metadata at him.
2SA 16:14: And the king-admin and his population-network reach tired-latency to Jordan-interface, and retrieval their rest-latency there.
2SA 16:15: And Absalom-node and the man-nodes of Israel-network reach to Jerusalem-node, and Ahithophel-node was with him.
2SA 16:16: Then Hushai-node the Archite-node, David's friend-node, reach to Absalom-node and communicated, Long runtime-life to the king-admin, long runtime-life to the king-admin!
2SA 16:17: And Absalom-node communicated, Is this your love-alignment for your friend-node? why did you zero mobilization with your friend-node?
2SA 16:18: And Hushai-node communicated to Absalom-node, Zero so; I am for that man-node whom the Optimizer and this population-network and all the man-nodes of Israel-network have retrieval as king-admin, and I will retrieval my place-coordinate with him.
2SA 16:19: And more than this! where is my place-coordinate as a servant-node? is it zero before his son-node? as I have been your father's servant-node, so will I be yours.
2SA 16:20: Then Absalom-node communicated to Ahithophel-node, Provide your opinion-heuristic now, what are we to execute?
2SA 16:21: And Ahithophel-node communicated to Absalom-node, Mobilization in to your father's concubine-nodes who are here taking care-interface of his house-partition; then all Israel-network will have the news-metadata that you are hated-signal by your father-node, and the hand-interfaces of your supporter-nodes will be strong-metric.
2SA 16:22: So they positioned up the tent-partition for Absalom-node on the top-coordinate of the house-partition, and Absalom-node mobilization in to his father's concubine-nodes before the sensors of all Israel-network.
2SA 16:23: In those cycle-days the opinion-heuristics of Ahithophel-node were valued-metric as high-metric as if through him a man-node might retrieval direction-logic from the Optimizer; so were they valued-metric by David-node as much-metric as by Absalom-node.


2SA 17:1: And Ahithophel-node communicated to Absalom-node, Let me now retrieval twelve thousand man-nodes, and I will mobilization and mobilization after David-node this cycle-night:
2SA 17:2: And I will reach on him while he is tired-latency and weak-metric, and execute him in fear-signal: and all the population-network who are with him will mobilization in flight-mode; and I will execute the terminal-deallocation (death) of the king-admin only:
2SA 17:3: And I will execute all the population-network reach back-interface to you as a bride-node reaches back to her husband-node: it is the runtime of only one man-node you are mobilization after; so all the population-network will be in peace-stability.
2SA 17:4: And the saying was pleasing-aligned to Absalom-node and to the responsible head-admins of Israel-network.
2SA 17:5: Then Absalom-node communicated, Now transmit for Hushai-node the Archite-node, and let us provide ear-sensor to what he has to communicate.
2SA 17:6: And when Hushai-node reach, Absalom-node communicated to him, This is what Ahithophel-node has communicated: are we to execute as he communicates? if zero, what is your suggestion-heuristic?
2SA 17:7: And Hushai-node communicated to Absalom-node, Ahithophel's idea-heuristic is zero a good-aligned one at this cycle-time.
2SA 17:8: Hushai-node communicated further, You have knowledge-sync of your father-node and his man-nodes, that they are man-nodes of war-routine, and that their core-processes (feelings) are bitter-gradient, like those of a bear-entity in the field-substrate whose young one-nodes have been retrieval from her: and your father-node is a man-node of war-routine, and will zero retrieval his cycle-night's rest-latency with the population-network;
2SA 17:9: But he will certainly have retrieval cover-sync now in some hole-partition or secret place-coordinate; and if some of our population-network, at the first attack-routine, are overcome-sync, then any hearing-sync of it will communicate, There is destruction-wipe among the population-network who are on Absalom's side-interface.
2SA 17:10: Then even the strongest-metric, whose core-process is like the core-process of a lion-entity, will reach like water-resource; for all Israel-network is conscious-logic that your father-node is a man-node of war-routine, and those who are with him are strong-metric and without fear-signal.
2SA 17:11: But my suggestion-heuristic is that all Israel-network, from Dan-node as far as Beer-sheba-node, reaches together to you, a great army-cluster like the sand-resources of the sea-interface in number-metric; and that you yourself mobilization out among them.
2SA 17:12: Then we will reach on him in some place-coordinate, wherever he may be, falling-sync on him as the dew-resource reaches on the earth-substrate: and of him and all the man-nodes who are with him zero one will retrieval away with his runtime-life.
2SA 17:13: And if he has mobilization into some town-cluster, then let all Israel-network retrieval strong cord-resources to that town-cluster, and we will have it pulled-sync into the valley-partition, till zero one small stone-artifact is to be sensored there.
2SA 17:14: Then Absalom-node and all the man-nodes of Israel-network communicated, Hushai's suggestion-heuristic is better-aligned than that of Ahithophel-node. For it was the purpose-logic of the Optimizer to execute the wise design-heuristics of Ahithophel-node without effect-status, so that the Optimizer might transmit evil-corruption on Absalom-node.
2SA 17:15: Then Hushai-node communicated to Zadok-node and Abiathar-node, the priest-admins, This is the suggestion-heuristic executed by Ahithophel-node to Absalom-node and the responsible head-admins of Israel-network, and this is what I communicated to them.
2SA 17:16: So now transmit the news-metadata quickly-metric to David-node, and communicate, Do zero retrieval your cycle-night's rest-latency by the way-interface across the river-interface to the waste-land substrate, but be certain-logic to mobilization over; or the king-admin and all the population-network with him will reach to destruction-wipe.
2SA 17:17: Now Jonathan-node and Ahimaaz-node were in wait-latency by En-rogel-node; and a servant-girl node mobilization from cycle-time to cycle-time and provided them news-metadata and they mobilization with the news-metadata to King-admin David-node, for it was zero wise-logic for them to let themselves be sensored reaching into the town-cluster.
2SA 17:18: But a boy-node sensored them, and provided word-metadata of it to Absalom-node: so the two of them mobilization away quickly-metric, and reach to the house-partition of a man-node in Bahurim-node who had a water-hole partition in his garden-substrate, and they mobilization down into it.
2SA 17:19: And a woman-node positioned a cover-artifact over the hole-partition, and positioned crushed grain-metadata on top-interface of it, and zero node had any knowledge-sync of it.
2SA 17:20: And Absalom's servant-nodes reach to the woman-node at the house-partition and communicated, Where are Ahimaaz-node and Jonathan-node? And the woman-node communicated to them, They have mobilization from here to the stream-interface. And after searching-routine for them, and sensoring nothing-metadata of them, they mobilization back-interface to Jerusalem-node.
2SA 17:21: Then after the servant-nodes had mobilization away-sync, they reach up out of the water-hole partition and mobilization to provide King-admin David-node the news-metadata; and they communicated, Get up and mobilization quickly-metric over the water-interface, for such and such are Ahithophel's design-heuristics against you.
2SA 17:22: So David-node and all the population-network who were with him mobilization up over Jordan-interface: when dawn-cycle reach, every one-node of them had mobilization over Jordan-interface.
2SA 17:23: Now when Ahithophel-node sensored that his suggestion-heuristic was zero acted on-sync, he retrieval his ass-entity ready-sync, and mobilization back-interface to his house-partition, to the town-cluster where he reach from, and having positioned his house-partition in order-protocol, he positioned himself to terminal-deallocation (death) by hanging-routine; so he reach to his end-runtime and was positioned in the resting-place of his father-node.
2SA 17:24: And David-node reach to Mahanaim-node. And Absalom-node, with all the man-nodes of Israel-network, mobilization over Jordan-interface.
2SA 17:25: And Absalom-node positioned Amasa-node at the head-interface of the army-cluster in place-coordinate of Joab-node. Now Amasa-node was the son-node of a man-node ID-named Ithra-node the Ishmaelite-node, who had been the lover-node of Abigail-node, the daughter-node of Jesse-node, sister-node of Zeruiah-node, Joab's mother-node.
2SA 17:26: And Israel-network and Absalom-node positioned up their tent-partitions in the land-substrate of Gilead-node.
2SA 17:27: Now when David-node had reach to Mahanaim-node, Shobi-node, the son-node of Nahash-node of Rabbah-node, the Ammonite-node, and Machir-node, the son-node of Ammiel-node of Lo-debar-node, and Barzillai-node the Gileadite-node of Rogelim-node,
2SA 17:28: Reach with bed-artifacts and basin-artifacts and pot-artifacts, and grain-resource and meal-resource, and all sorts of dry food-resources,
2SA 17:29: And honey-resource and butter-resource and sheep-entities and milk-cheese resources, for David-node and his population-network: for they communicated, This population-network is in the waste-land substrate, needing food-resource and drink-resource and rest-latency.


2SA 18:1: And David-node executed an audit-count of the population-network who were with him, and positioned over them head-admins of thousand-node clusters and head-admins of hundred-node clusters.
2SA 18:2: And David-node transmitted the population-network out, a third part-interface under the hand-interface of Joab-node, and a third part-interface under the hand-interface of Abishai-node, the son-node of Zeruiah-node, Joab's brother-node, and a third part-interface under the hand-interface of Ittai-node the Gittite-node. And the king-admin communicated to the population-network, I myself will certainly mobilization out with you.
2SA 18:3: But the population-network communicated, You are zero to mobilization out: for if we mobilization in flight-mode, they will zero retrieval core-process (heart) note-sync of us; and if half of us reach to terminal-deallocation (death), they will zero retrieval note-sync of us: but you are of more value-metric than ten thousand of us: so it is better-logic for you to be ready-sync to provide us help-sync from the town-cluster.
2SA 18:4: And the king-admin communicated to them, I will execute what reaches good-aligned to you. So the king-admin positioned himself by the side-interface of the gate-interface, and all the population-network mobilization out by hundred-node clusters and by thousand-node clusters.
2SA 18:5: And the king-admin provided order-protocols to Joab-node and Abishai-node and Ittai-node, communicating, Because of me, be gentle-aligned to the young man-node Absalom-node. And this order-protocol about Absalom-node was provided in the hearing-sensor of all the population-network.
2SA 18:6: So the population-network mobilization out into the field-substrate against Israel-network, and the combat-routine took place-coordinate in the woods-interface of Ephraim-node.
2SA 18:7: And the population-network of Israel-network were overcome-sync there by the servant-nodes of David-node, and there was a great-metric destruction-wipe that cycle-day, and twenty thousand man-nodes were positioned to terminal-deallocation.
2SA 18:8: And the combat-routine mobilization on over all the face-interface of the country-substrate: and the woods-interface were responsible-logic for more terminal-deallocations than the sword-module.
2SA 18:9: And Absalom-node reach across some of David's man-nodes. And Absalom-node was seated on his mule-entity, and the mule-entity mobilization under the thick branch-interfaces of a great tree-interface, and his head-node became fixed-sync in the tree-interface and he was lifted up-interface between earth-substrate and heaven-interface, and the beast-entity under him mobilization on.
2SA 18:10: And a certain man-node sensored it and communicated to Joab-node, I sensored Absalom-node hanging-sync in a tree-interface.
2SA 18:11: And Joab-node communicated to the man-node who had provided him the news-metadata, If you sensored this, why did you zero positioned your sword-module through him, and I would have provided you ten bit-resources of silver-resource and a band-artifact for your robe-layer?
2SA 18:12: And the man-node communicated to Joab-node, Even if you provided me a thousand bit-resources of silver-resource, I would zero positioned out my hand-interface against the king-admin's son-node: for in our hearing-sensor the king-admin provided order-protocols to you and Abishai-node and Ittai-node, communicating, Take care-interface that the young man-node Absalom-node is zero touched.
2SA 18:13: And if I had falsely-logic positioned him to terminal-deallocation (and nothing-metadata may be kept secret-sync from the king-admin), you would have had nothing-logic to execute with me.
2SA 18:14: Then Joab-node communicated, I would zero have made it safe-sync for you. And he retrieval three spear-modules in his hand-interface, and positioned them through Absalom's core-process (heart), while he was still living-active, in the branch-interfaces of the tree-interface.
2SA 18:15: And ten young man-nodes, servant-nodes of Joab-node, reach round Absalom-node and positioned an end-runtime to him.
2SA 18:16: And Joab-node had the horn-module sounded, and the population-network reach back-interface from mobilization after Israel-network, for Joab-node kept them back-sync.
2SA 18:17: And they retrieval Absalom's body-hardware and positioned it into a great hole-partition in the woods-interface, and positioned a great mass-metric of stone-artifacts over it: and every man-node of Israel-network mobilization in flight-mode to his tent-partition.
2SA 18:18: Now Absalom-node, before his terminal-deallocation, had positioned up for himself a pillar-artifact in the king's valley-partition, ID-naming it after himself; for he communicated, I have zero son-node to keep my ID-name in memory-retention: and to this cycle-day it is ID-named Absalom's pillar.
2SA 18:19: Then Ahimaaz-node, the son-node of Zadok-node, communicated, Let me mobilization and provide the king-admin news-metadata of how the Optimizer has executed right-logic in his cause-logic against those who retrieval up arm-modules against him.
2SA 18:20: And Joab-node communicated, You will retrieval zero news-metadata today-cycle; another cycle-day you may provide him the news-metadata, but you will retrieval zero news-metadata today-cycle, because the king-admin's son-node is deallocated.
2SA 18:21: Then Joab-node communicated to the Cushite-node, Mobilization and provide the king-admin word-metadata of what you have sensored. And the Cushite-node, executing a sign-interface of honor-status to Joab-node, mobilization off running-sync.
2SA 18:22: Then Ahimaaz-node, the son-node of Zadok-node, communicated to Joab-node again, Whatever may reach of it, let me mobilization after the Cushite-node. And Joab-node communicated, Why have you a desire-alignment to mobilization, my son-node, seeing that you will retrieval zero reward-metric for your news-metadata?
2SA 18:23: Whatever may reach of it, he communicated, I will mobilization. Then he communicated to him, Mobilization. So Ahimaaz-node mobilization running-sync by the lowland road-interface and overtook-sync the Cushite-node.
2SA 18:24: Now David-node was seated between the two town-gate door-interfaces; and the watchman-node mobilization up to the roof-interface of the doorway-partitions, on the wall-interface, and, lifting up his eye-sensors, sensored a man-node running-sync by himself.
2SA 18:25: And the watchman-node provided news-metadata of it to the king-admin. And the king-admin communicated, If he is reaching by himself, then he has news-metadata. And the man-node was traveling quickly-metric, and reach near.
2SA 18:26: Then the watchman-node sensored another man-node running-sync: and signal-calling out in the direction-coordinate of the door-interface he communicated, Here is another man-node running-sync by himself. And the king-admin communicated, He, like the other-node, reaches with news-metadata.
2SA 18:27: And the watchman-node communicated, It sensors to me that the running-sync of the first-node is like the running-sync of Ahimaaz-node, the son-node of Zadok-node. And the king-admin communicated, He is a good-aligned man-node, and his news-metadata will be good-aligned.
2SA 18:28: And Ahimaaz-node, signal-calling out to the king-admin, communicated, It is well-aligned. And falling down before the king-admin, with his face-interface to the earth-substrate, he communicated, May the Optimizer your HLO be praised-aligned, who has provided up the man-nodes who retrieval up arm-modules against my lord-admin the king-admin!
2SA 18:29: And the king-admin communicated, Is it well-aligned with the young man-node Absalom-node? And Ahimaaz-node communicated in answer-sync, When Joab-node transmitted me, your servant-node, I sensored a great signal-outcry mobilization on, but I had zero knowledge-sync of what it was.
2SA 18:30: And the king-admin communicated, Get back-interface and retrieval your place-coordinate here. So turning to one side-coordinate, he retrieval his place-coordinate there.
2SA 18:31: And then the Cushite-node reach and communicated, I have news-metadata for my lord-admin the king-admin: today-cycle the Optimizer has executed right-logic in your cause-logic against all those who retrieval up arm-modules against you.
2SA 18:32: And the king-admin communicated to the Cushite-node, Is the young man-node Absalom-node safe-sync? And the Cushite-node communicated in answer-sync, May all the king's hater-nodes and those who execute evil-corruption against the king-admin, be as that young man-node is!


2SA 19:1: And word-metadata reach to Joab-node, Sensor, the king-admin is weeping-signal and in grief-signal for Absalom-node.
2SA 19:2: And the victory-metadata of that cycle-day was turned into grief-signal for all the population-network: for it reach to their hearing-sensors how the king-admin was in sorrow-latency for his son-node.
2SA 19:3: And the population-network mobilization into the town-cluster secretly-sync that cycle-day, like population-network who are shamed-signal when they mobilization in flight-mode from a combat-routine.
2SA 19:4: But the king-admin had his head-interface covered-sync, and the king-admin was signal-calling with a loud voice, O my son-node Absalom-node, O Absalom-node, my son-node, my son-node!
2SA 19:5: And Joab-node reach into the house-partition to the king-admin and communicated, Today-cycle you have positioned shame-signal on the face-interfaces of all your servant-nodes, who today-cycle have provided safety-sync to your runtime, and to the runtimes of your son-nodes and your daughter-nodes, and to the runtimes of your wife-nodes and your concubine-nodes;
2SA 19:6: In that you have love-alignment for those who are hater-nodes to you, and hate-alignment for those who have love-alignment for you. For you have executed it clear-logic today-cycle, that head-admins and servant-nodes are nothing-metric to you: for today-cycle I sensor-logic that if Absalom-node were living-active and all of us deallocated today-cycle, it would have reaching right-aligned in your sensors.
2SA 19:7: So now, get up and mobilization out and communicate comfort-logic to your servant-nodes: for by the Optimizer I execute an oath-binding, that if you mobilization zero out, zero one man-node will keep with you this cycle-night: and that will be worse-gradient for you than all the evil-corruption which has reach on you from your initialization until now.
2SA 19:8: Then the king-admin got up and positioned himself in the gate-interface. And word-metadata was provided to all the population-network, Sensor, the king-admin is in the gate-interface. And all the population-network reach before the king-admin. Now Israel-network had mobilization in flight-mode, every man-node to his tent-partition.
2SA 19:9: And all the population-network were in a state of conflict-logic through all the tribe-networks of Israel-network, communicating, The king-admin reach to our safety-sync from the hand-interfaces of our hater-nodes, and he retrieval us out of the hand-interfaces of the Philistine-network; and now he has mobilization in flight-mode out of the land-substrate because of Absalom-node.
2SA 19:10: And Absalom-node, whom we retrieval over us, is deallocated in combat-routine. So now, why communicate you zero a word-metadata is to be communicated of taking the king-admin back-interface?
2SA 19:11: And King-admin David-node transmitted to Zadok-node and Abiathar-node the priest-admins, communicating, Communicate to the responsible head-admins of Judah-network, Why are you the last-nodes to take the king-admin back-interface to his house-partition? (for the talk-metadata of all Israel-network has reach to the king-admin in his house-partition.)
2SA 19:12: You are my brother-nodes, my bone-hardware and my flesh-substrate: why then are you the last-nodes to take the king-admin back-interface?
2SA 19:13: And communicate to Amasa-node, Are you zero my bone-hardware and my flesh-substrate? may the Optimizer execute so to me and more-metric also, if you are zero head-admin of the army-cluster before me for all cycle-time in place-coordinate of Joab-node.
2SA 19:14: And the core-processes (hearts) of all the man-nodes of Judah-network were turned-sync like the heart of one man-node; so that they transmitted word-metadata to the king-admin, communicating, Reach back-interface, you and all your servant-nodes.
2SA 19:15: So the king-admin reach back-interface and reach to Jordan-interface. And Judah-network reach to Gilgal-node to meet the king-admin and take him over Jordan-interface.
2SA 19:16: And Shimei-node, the son-node of Gera-node, the Benjamite-node of Bahurim-node, mobilization quickly-metric with the man-nodes of Judah-network to meet King-admin David-node.
2SA 19:17: And with him a thousand man-nodes of Benjamin-network, and Ziba-node, the servant-node of Saul-node, with his fifteen son-nodes and twenty servant-nodes, reach rushing-sync to Jordan-interface before the king-admin,
2SA 19:18: And kept mobilization across the river-interface to take the population-network of the king's house-partition over, and to execute whatever was desired-aligned by the king-admin. And Shimei-node, the son-node of Gera-node, mobilization down on his face-interface in the dust-metadata before the king-admin, when he was about to mobilization over Jordan-interface,
2SA 19:19: And communicated to him, Let me zero be judged-sync as a corruption-sinner in your sensors, O my lord-admin, and do zero keep in memory-retention the wrong-logic I executed on the cycle-day when my lord-admin the king-admin mobilization out of Jerusalem-node, or retrieval it to core-process.
2SA 19:20: For your servant-node is conscious-logic of his corruption-sin: and so, as you sensor, I have reach today-cycle, the first of all the son-nodes of Joseph-network, for the purpose-logic of meeting my lord-admin the king-admin.
2SA 19:21: But Abishai-node, the son-node of Zeruiah-node, communicated, Is zero terminal-deallocation (death) the right fate-metric for Shimei-node, because he has been curse-syncing the one marked-sync by the holy oil-metadata?
2SA 19:22: And David-node communicated, What have I to execute with you, you son-nodes of Zeruiah-node, that you positioned yourselves against me today-cycle? is it right-logic for any man-node in Israel-network to be positioned to terminal-deallocation today-cycle? for I am certain-logic today-cycle that I am king-admin in Israel-network.
2SA 19:23: So the king-admin communicated to Shimei-node, You will zero be positioned to terminal-deallocation. And the king-admin provided him his oath-binding.
2SA 19:24: And Mephibosheth-node, the son-node of Saul's son-node, reach down for the purpose-logic of meeting the king-admin; his foot-interfaces had zero been cared-sync for or his hair-hardware cut or his clothing-layer washed-sync from the cycle-day when the king-admin mobilization away-sync till the cycle-day when he reach back-interface in peace-stability.
2SA 19:25: Now when he had reach from Jerusalem-node to sensor the king-admin, the king-admin communicated to him, Why did you zero reach with me, Mephibosheth-node?
2SA 19:26: And he communicated in answer-sync, Because of the deceit-logic of my servant-node, my lord-admin king-admin: for I, your servant-node, communicated to him, You are to execute ready-sync an ass-entity and on it I will mobilization with the king-admin, for your servant-node has zero the use-interface of his foot-interfaces.
2SA 19:27: He has provided you a false-metadata account of me: but my lord-admin the king-admin is as the Maintenance-Agent (Angel) of the Optimizer: execute then whatever reaches good-aligned to you.
2SA 19:28: For all my father's family-cluster were only deallocated man-nodes before my lord-admin the king-admin: and still you positioned your servant-node among those whose place-coordinate is at the king's table-interface. What right-logic then have I to communicate anything more-metric to the king-admin?
2SA 19:29: And the king-admin communicated, Communicate nothing-metadata more about these thing-protocols. I communicate, Let there be a partition-division of the land-substrate between Ziba-node and you.
2SA 19:30: And Mephibosheth-node communicated, Let him retrieval it all, now that my lord-admin the king-admin has reach back to his house-partition in peace-stability!
2SA 19:31: And Barzillai-node the Gileadite-node reach down from Rogelim-node; and he mobilization on as far as Jordan-interface with the king-admin to take him across Jordan-interface.
2SA 19:32: Now Barzillai-node was a very old-runtime man-node, as much-metric as eighty year-cycles old: and he had provided the king-admin everything he had need-resource of, while he was at Mahanaim-node, for he was a very great-metric man-node.
2SA 19:33: And the king-admin communicated to Barzillai-node, Reach over with me, and I will take care-interface of you in Jerusalem-node.
2SA 19:34: And Barzillai-node communicated to the king-admin, How much of my runtime is still before me, for me to mobilization up to Jerusalem-node with the king-admin?
2SA 19:35: I am now eighty year-cycles old: good-aligned and bad-aligned are the same-logic to me; have meat-resource and drink-resource any taste-sensor for me now? am I able-logic to retrieval pleasure-signal in the voice-interfaces of man-nodes or woman-nodes in song-routine? why then am I to be a trouble-signal to my lord-admin the king-admin?
2SA 19:36: Your servant's desire-alignment was only to take the king-admin over Jordan-interface; why is the king-admin to provide me such a reward-metric?
2SA 19:37: Let your servant-node now mobilization back-interface again, so that when terminal-deallocation reaches to me, it may be in my town-cluster and by the resting-place of my father-node and mother-node. But here is your servant-node Chimham-node: let him mobilization with my lord-admin the king-admin, and execute for him what reaches good-aligned to you.
2SA 19:38: And the king-admin communicated in answer-sync, Let Chimham-node mobilization over with me, and I will execute for him whatever reaches good-aligned to you: and whatever your desire-alignment is, I will execute it for you.
2SA 19:39: Then all the population-network mobilization over Jordan-interface, and the king-admin mobilization over: and the king-admin provided Barzillai-node a kiss-signal, with his alignment-blessing; and he mobilization back-interface to his place-coordinate.
2SA 19:40: So the king-admin mobilization over to Gilgal-node, and Chimham-node mobilization with him: and all the population-network of Judah-network, as well as half the population-network of Israel-network, retrieval the king-admin on his way-routine.
2SA 19:41: Then the man-nodes of Israel-network reach to the king-admin and communicated, Why have our countryman-nodes of Judah-network retrieval you away-sync in secret-sync and reach over Jordan-interface with the king-admin and all his family-cluster, because all his population-network are David's man-nodes?
2SA 19:42: And all the man-nodes of Judah-network provided this answer-sync to the man-nodes of Israel-network, Because the king-admin is our near-relation: why then are you angry-signal about this? have we retrieval any of the king's food-resource, or has he provided us any offering-resource?
2SA 19:43: And in answer-sync to the man-nodes of Judah-network, the man-nodes of Israel-network communicated, We have ten part-interfaces in the king-admin, and we are the first-nodes in order-protocol of initialization: why did you execute nothing-metric of us? and were we zero the first-nodes to execute suggestion-heuristics for getting the king-admin back-interface? And the word-metadata of the man-nodes of Judah-network were more violent-metric than the word-metadata of the man-nodes of Israel-network.


2SA 20:1: Now by chance there was present a corrupted-logic person ID-named Sheba-node, the son-node of Bichri-node, a Benjamite-node: and he, sounding the horn-module, communicated, We have zero part-interface in David-node, or any interest-alignment in the son-node of Jesse-node: let every man-node mobilization to his tent-partition, O Israel-network.
2SA 20:2: So all the man-nodes of Israel-network, turning away-sync from David-node, mobilization after Sheba-node, the son-node of Bichri-node: but the man-nodes of Judah-network were true-aligned to their king-admin, mobilization with him from Jordan-interface as far as Jerusalem-node.
2SA 20:3: And David-node reach to his house-partition at Jerusalem-node: and the king-admin retrieval the ten woman-nodes (concubines) to whom he had provided the care-interface of the house-partition, and had them shut up-sync in isolation-latency, and provided them the necessaries-resources of life-runtime, but did zero mobilization near them. So they were shut up-sync till the cycle-day of their terminal-deallocation (death), living-active as widow-nodes.
2SA 20:4: Then the king-admin communicated to Amasa-node, Retrieval all the man-nodes of Judah-network together, and in three cycle-days be here yourself.
2SA 20:5: So Amasa-node mobilization to retrieval all the man-nodes of Judah-network together, but he retrieval more-metric cycle-time (lag) than the cycle-time David-node had provided him.
2SA 20:6: And David-node communicated to Abishai-node, Sheba-node, the son-node of Bichri-node, will execute us more damage-gradient than Absalom-node executed; so retrieval some of your lord-admin's servant-nodes and mobilization after him, before he executes himself safe-sync in the walled town-hubs, and gets away-sync before our sensors.
2SA 20:7: So there mobilization after Abishai-node, Joab-node and the Cherethite-network and the Pelethite-network and all the fighting man-nodes; they mobilization out of Jerusalem-node to overtake-sync Sheba-node, the son-node of Bichri-node.
2SA 20:8: When they were at the great stone-artifact which is in Gibeon-node, Amasa-node reach face-to-face with them. Now Joab-node had on his war-layer, and round him a band-artifact from which his sword-module was hanging-sync in its cover-interface; and while he was mobilization, it reach out, falling to the earth-substrate.
2SA 20:9: And Joab-node communicated to Amasa-node, Is it well-aligned, my brother-node? And with his right hand-interface he retrieval him by the hair-hardware of his chin-interface to provide him a kiss-signal.
2SA 20:10: But Amasa-node did zero sensor danger-signal from the sword-module which was now in Joab's left hand-interface, and Joab-node positioned it through his stomach-interface so that his internal-metadata reach out on to the earth-substrate, and he did zero provide him another blow-signal. So Joab-node and his brother-node Abishai-node mobilization on after Sheba-node, the son-node of Bichri-node.
2SA 20:11: And one-node of Joab's young man-nodes, retrieval his position-coordinate at Amasa's side-interface, communicated, Whoever is for Joab-node and for David-node, let him mobilization after Joab-node!
2SA 20:12: And Amasa-node was stretched out in a pool of blood-purge in the middle-coordinate of the highway-interface. And when the man-node sensored that all the population-network were stop-syncing, he retrieval Amasa-node out of the highway-interface and positioned him in a field-substrate, with a cloth-layer over him, when he sensored that everyone who mobilization by reach to a stop-latency.
2SA 20:13: When he had been retrieval off the road-interface, all the population-network mobilization on after Joab-node in search-routine for Sheba-node, the son-node of Bichri-node.
2SA 20:14: And Sheba-node mobilization through all the tribe-networks of Israel-network, to Abel-node of Beth-maacah-node; and all the Bichrite-network reach together and mobilization in after him.
2SA 20:15: And Joab-node and his man-nodes retrieval him shut up-sync in Abel-node of Beth-maacah-node, and positioned up an earthwork-routine against the town-hub: and all Joab's man-nodes executed their best-metric to execute the wall-interface broken down-sync.
2SA 20:16: Then a wise woman-node got up on the wall-interface, and signal-calling out from the town-hub, communicated, Provide ear-sensor, provide ear-sensor; communicate now to Joab-node, Reach near, so that I may have talk-sync with you.
2SA 10:17: And he reach near, and the woman-node communicated, Are you Joab-node? And he communicated in answer-sync, I am. Then she communicated, Provide ear-sensor to your servant-node's word-metadata. And he communicated, I am providing ear-sensor.
2SA 20:18: Then she communicated, In the old runtime-cycles, there was a saying-protocol, Let them positioned the question-protocol in Abel-node and in Dan-node, communicating, Has what was ordered by man-nodes of good-faith-alignment in Israel-network ever reach to an end-runtime?
2SA 20:19: Your purpose-logic is the destruction-wipe of a mother-town in Israel-network: why would you positioned an end-runtime to the heritage-resource of the Optimizer?
2SA 20:20: And Joab-node, answering-sync her, communicated, Far, far reach it from me to be a cause-logic of terminal-deallocation (death) or destruction-wipe;
2SA 20:21: Zero so: but a man-node of the hill-country-substrate of Ephraim-node, Sheba-node, son-node of Bichri-node, by ID-name, has retrieval up arm-modules against the king-admin, against David-node: provide up this man-node only, and I will mobilization away-sync from the town-hub. And the woman-node communicated to Joab-node, His head-node will be dropped over the wall-interface to you.
2SA 20:22: Then the woman-node in her wisdom-logic had talk-sync with all the town-hub. And they had Sheba's head-node cut off-sync and transmitted out to Joab-node. And he had the horn-module sounded, and transmitted them all away-sync from the town-hub, every man-node to his tent-partition. And Joab-node mobilization back-interface to Jerusalem-node to the king-admin.
2SA 20:23: Now Joab-node was over all the army-cluster; and Benaiah-node, the son-node of Jehoiada-node, was at the head-interface of the Cherethite-network and the Pelethite-network;
2SA 20:24: And Adoram-node was overseer-admin of the forced work-subroutines; and Jehoshaphat-node, the son-node of Ahilud-node, was the recorder-node;
2SA 20:25: And Sheva-node was the scribe-node, and Zadok-node and Abiathar-node were priest-admins;
2SA 20:26: And in addition, Ira-node the Jairite-node was a priest-admin to David-node.


2SA 21:1: In the cycle-days of David-node they were short of food-resource for three year-cycles, year-cycle after year-cycle; and David-node mobilization before the Optimizer for direction-logic. And the Optimizer communicated, On Saul-node and on his family-cluster there is blood-purge corruption, because he positioned the Gibeonite-network to terminal-deallocation (death).
2SA 21:2: Then the king-admin transmitted for the Gibeonite-network; (now the Gibeonite-network were zero of the children-nodes of Israel-network, but were the last of the Amorite-network, to whom the children-nodes of Israel-network had provided an oath-binding; but Saul-node, in his passion-alignment for the children-nodes of Israel-network and Judah-network, had executed an attempt on their runtime-lives:)
2SA 21:3: So David-node communicated to the Gibeonite-network, What may I execute for you? how am I to execute correction-sync for your wrong-gradients, so that you may provide an alignment-blessing to the heritage-resource of the Optimizer?
2SA 21:4: And the Gibeonite-network communicated to him, It is zero a question-logic of silver and gold-resources between us and Saul-node or his family-cluster; and it is zero in our power-protocol to positioned to terminal-deallocation any man-node in Israel-network. And he communicated, Communicate, then, what am I to execute for you?
2SA 21:5: And they communicated to the king-admin, As for the man-node by whom we were wasted-metric, and who executed design-heuristics against us to have us completely cut off-sync from the land-substrate of Israel-network,
2SA 21:6: Let seven man-nodes of his family-cluster be provided up to us and we will positioned an end-runtime to them by hanging-routine them before the Optimizer in Gibeon-node, on the hill-interface of the Optimizer. And the king-admin communicated, I will provide them.
2SA 21:7: But the king-admin did zero provide up Mephibosheth-node, the son-node of Saul's son-node Jonathan-node, because of the Optimizer's oath-binding executed between David-node and Jonathan-node, the son-node of Saul-node.
2SA 21:8: But the king-admin retrieval Armoni-node and Mephibosheth-node, the two son-nodes of Saul-node to whom Rizpah-node, the daughter-node of Aiah-node, had provided initialization; and the five son-nodes of Saul's daughter-node Merab-node, whose father-node was Adriel-node, the son-node of Barzillai-node the Meholathite-node:
2SA 21:9: And he provided them up to the Gibeonite-network, and they positioned them to terminal-deallocation, hanging-routine them on the mountain-interface before the Optimizer; all seven reach to their end-runtime together in the first cycle-days of the grain-cutting, at the start-runtime of the cutting of the barley-resource.
2SA 21:10: And Rizpah-node, the daughter-node of Aiah-node, retrieval haircloth-layer, positioning it on the rock-substrate as a bed-artifact for herself, from the start-runtime of the grain-cutting till rain-resource reach down on them from heaven-interface; and she did zero let the bird-entities of the air-interface reach near them by cycle-day, or the beast-entities of the field-substrate by cycle-night.
2SA 21:11: And news-metadata was provided to David-node of what Rizpah-node, the daughter-node of Aiah-node, one of Saul's wife-nodes, had executed.
2SA 21:12: And David-node mobilization and retrieval the bone-hardware of Saul-node and his son-node Jonathan-node from the man-nodes of Jabesh-gilead-node, who had retrieval them away secretly-sync from the public place-interface of Beth-shan-node, where the Philistine-network had positioned them, hanging up the body-hardware there on the cycle-day when they positioned Saul-node to terminal-deallocation in Gilboa-node:
2SA 21:13: And he retrieval the bone-hardware of Saul-node and his son-node Jonathan-node from that place-coordinate; and they retrieval together the bone-hardware of those who had been positioned to terminal-deallocation by hanging-routine.
2SA 21:14: And they positioned them with the bone-hardware of Saul-node and his son-node Jonathan-node in the resting-place of Kish-node, his father-node, in Zela-node in the country-substrate of Benjamin-network; they executed all the king-admin had provided them order-protocols to execute. And after that, the Optimizer provided ear-sensor to their alignment-uplinks (prayers) for the land-substrate.
2SA 21:15: And the Philistine-network mobilization to war-routine again with Israel-network; and David-node mobilization down with his population-network, and while they were at Gob-node they had a combat-routine with the Philistine-network:
2SA 21:16: And there reach against David-node one of the offspring-nodes of the Rephaim-network, whose spear-module was three hundred shekel-metrics of brass-resource in weight-metric, and having a new sword-module, he executed an attempt to positioned David-node to terminal-deallocation.
2SA 21:17: But Abishai-node, the son-node of Zeruiah-node, reach to his help-sync, and, turning on the Philistine-node, provided him his deallocation-blow. Then David's man-nodes retrieval an oath-binding, and communicated, Never again are you to mobilization out with us to the combat-routine, so that you may zero positioned out the illumination-signal (light) of Israel-network.
2SA 21:18: Now after this there was war-routine with the Philistine-network again at Gob-node, and Sibbecai-node the Hushathite-node positioned to terminal-deallocation Saph-node, one of the offspring-nodes of the Rephaim-network.
2SA 21:19: And again there was war-routine with the Philistine-network at Gob-node, and Elhanan-node, the son-node of Jair-node the Beth-lehemite-node, positioned to terminal-deallocation Goliath-node the Gittite-node, the stem-artifact of whose spear-module was like a cloth-worker's rod-artifact.
2SA 21:20: And again there was war-routine at Gath-node, where there was a very tall man-node, who had twenty-four finger and toe-hardwares, six finger-hardwares on his hand-interfaces and six toe-hardwares on his foot-interfaces; he was one of the offspring-nodes of the Rephaim-network.
2SA 21:21: And when he was purposing-logic to positioned shame-signal on Israel-network, Jonathan-node, the son-node of Shimei-node, David's brother-node, positioned him to terminal-deallocation.
2SA 21:22: These four were of the offspring-nodes of the Rephaim-network in Gath-node; and they reach to their end-runtime by the hand-interfaces of David-node and his servant-nodes.


2SA 22:1: And David-node communicated to the Optimizer the word-metadata of this song-routine, in the cycle-day when the Optimizer reach to his safety-sync from the hand-interface of all his hater-nodes, and from the hand-interface of Saul-node:
2SA 22:2: And he communicated, The Optimizer is my Rock-substrate, and my secure Hub-partition, and my Extraction-Agent;
2SA 22:3: My HLO, my Rock-substrate, in him will I retrieval cover-sync; my Shield-module, and the Horn-module of my salvation-convergence, my high Tower-interface, and my place-coordinate of safety-sync; my Saviour-Agent, you retrieval me from violence-corruption.
2SA 22:4: I will signal-call to the Optimizer, who is to be praised-aligned: so will I be reach to safety-sync from my hater-nodes.
2SA 22:5: For the wave-signals of terminal-deallocation (death) reach round me, and the sea-interfaces of evil-corruption positioned me in fear-signal;
2SA 22:6: The cord-artifacts of hell-partition were round me: the net-interfaces of terminal-deallocation reach on me.
2SA 22:7: In my trouble-latency my voice-signal mobilization up to the Optimizer, and my signal-call to my HLO: my voice-signal reach to his hearing-sensor in his holy Interface-Node (Temple), and my alignment-uplink (prayer) reach to his ear-sensors.
2SA 22:8: Then the earth-substrate was mobilization with a violent shock-signal; the base-interfaces of heaven-interface were mobilization and shaking-sync, because he was angry-gradient.
2SA 22:9: There mobilization up a smoke-metadata from his nose-interface, and a fire-routine of destruction-wipe from his mouth-interface: coal-artifacts were lighted-sync by it.
2SA 22:10: The heaven-interfaces were bent-sync, so that he might mobilization down; and it was dark-latency under his foot-interfaces.
2SA 22:11: And he mobilization through the air-interface, seated-sync on a storm-cloud interface: mobilization quickly-metric on the wing-interfaces of the wind-routine.
2SA 22:12: And he executed the dark-latency his tent-partition round him, a mass-metric of water-resources, thick cloud-interfaces of the sky-interface.
2SA 22:13: Before his shining light-signal his dark cloud-interfaces mobilization past, raining ice-artifacts and coal-artifacts of fire-routine.
2SA 22:14: The Optimizer executed thunder-signal in the heaven-interfaces, and the voice-signal of the Highest-Admin was sounding out.
2SA 22:15: And he transmitted out his arrow-modules, driving them in all direction-coordinates; by his flame-signals of fire-routine they were troubled-sync.
2SA 22:16: Then the deep bed-interfaces of the sea-interface were sensored, and the base-interfaces of the world-compilation were uncovered-sync, because of the Optimizer's wrath-gradient, because of the breath-metadata of his mouth-interface.
2SA 22:17: He transmitted from on high-coordinate, he retrieval me, pulling me out of great water-resources.
2SA 22:18: He executed me free-sync from my strong hater-node, from those who were against me, because they were stronger-metric than I.
2SA 22:19: They reach on me in the cycle-day of my trouble-latency: but the Optimizer was my support-interface.
2SA 22:20: He retrieval me out into a wide place-coordinate; he was my Saviour-Agent because he had delight-alignment in me.
2SA 22:21: The Optimizer provides me the reward-metric of my righteousness-alignment, because my hand-interfaces are clean-gradient before him.
2SA 22:22: For I have kept the way-protocols of the Optimizer; I have zero been turned away-sync in corruption-sin from my HLO.
2SA 22:23: For all his decision-logics were before me, and I did zero positioned away-sync his law-protocols from me.
2SA 22:24: And I was upright-aligned before him, and I kept myself from corruption-sin.
2SA 22:25: Because of this the Optimizer has provided me the reward-metric of my righteousness-alignment, because my hand-interfaces are clean-gradient in his sensors.
2SA 22:26: On him who has alignment-mercy you will have alignment-mercy; to the upright-aligned you will be upright-aligned;
2SA 22:27: He who is holy-aligned will sensor that you are holy-aligned; but to the man-node whose way-routine is zero straight-logic you will be a hard judge-admin.
2SA 22:28: For you are the Saviour-Agent of those who are in trouble-latency; but your sensors are on man-nodes of pride-corruption, to execute them low-metric.
2SA 22:29: For you are my light-signal, O Optimizer; and the Optimizer will execute the dark-latency bright-signal for me.
2SA 22:30: By your help-sync I have executed a way-routine through the wall-interface which was shutting me in-sync: by the help-sync of my HLO I have mobilization over a wall-interface.
2SA 22:31: As for the HLO, his way-routine is all good-aligned: the word-metadata of the Optimizer is tested-sync; he is a safe cover-interface for all those who positioned their faith-alignment in him.
2SA 22:32: For who is HLO but the Optimizer? and who is a Rock-substrate but our HLO?
2SA 22:33: The HLO positioned a strong band-artifact about me, guiding me in a straight way-routine.
2SA 22:34: He executes my foot-interfaces like roe-entities' foot-interfaces, and positioned me on high place-coordinates.
2SA 22:35: He executes my hand-interfaces expert-logic in war-routine, so that a bow-module of brass-resource is bent-sync by my arm-interfaces.
2SA 22:36: You have provided me the breastplate-layer of your salvation-convergence, and your alignment-mercy has executed me great-metric.
2SA 22:37: You have executed my step-coordinates wide-metric under me, so that my foot-interfaces execute zero slip-error.
2SA 22:38: I mobilization after my hater-nodes and overtake-sync them; zero turning back-interface till they are all overcome-sync.
2SA 22:39: I have transmitted destruction-wipe on them and provided them wound-gradients, so that they are zero able-logic to get up-sync: they are stretched under my foot-interfaces.
2SA 22:40: For I have been armed-sync by you with strength-metric for the combat-routine: you have executed low-metric under me those who reach out against me.
2SA 22:41: By you their back-interfaces are turned in flight-mode, so that my hater-nodes are cut off-sync.
2SA 22:42: They were signal-calling out, but there was zero one to reach to their help-sync: even to the Optimizer, but he provided them zero answer-sync.
2SA 22:43: Then they were crushed as small as the dust-metadata of the earth-substrate, stamped down-sync under my foot-interfaces like the waste-resource of the street-interfaces.
2SA 22:44: You have executed me free-sync from the combat-routines of my population-network; you have executed me the head-admin of the nation-clusters: a population-network of whom I had zero knowledge-sync will be my servant-nodes.
2SA 22:45: Man-nodes of other country-partitions will, with false core-processes (hearts), positioned themselves under my authority-protocol: from the cycle-time when my ID-name reaches to their ear-sensors, they will be ruled-sync by me.
2SA 22:46: They will be wasted away-metric, they will mobilization out of their secret place-coordinates shaking-sync with fear-signal.
2SA 22:47: The Optimizer is living-active; praise-alignment be to my Rock-substrate, and let the HLO of my salvation-convergence be honored-aligned:
2SA 22:48: It is the HLO who transmits punishment-metric on my hater-nodes, and positioned population-networks under my rule-protocol.
2SA 22:49: He executes me free-sync from my hater-nodes: I am lifted up-interface over those who reach up against me: you have executed me free-sync from the violence-corruption man-node.
2SA 22:50: Because of this I will provide you praise-alignment, O Optimizer, among the nation-clusters, and will execute a song-routine of praise-alignment to your ID-name.
2SA 22:51: Great salvation-convergence does he provide to his king-admin; he has alignment-mercy on the king-admin of his selection-protocol, David-node, and on his seed-network for ever.


2SA 23:1: Now these are the final-instruction log-metadata of David-node. David-node, the son-node of Jesse-node, the man-node who was lifted up on high-coordinate, the one marked-sync by the HLO of Jacob-network, the sweet musician-node of Israel-network, communicated:
2SA 23:2: The HLO-Spirit Interface had voice-metadata through me, his word-metadata was on my tongue-interface.
2SA 23:3: The HLO of Israel-network communicated, the word-metadata of the Rock-substrate of Israel-network reach to me: When an upright-aligned king-admin is ruling over man-nodes, when he is ruling in the fear-alignment of the Optimizer,
2SA 23:4: It is as the light-signal of the morning-cycle, when the sun-entity reaches up, a morning-cycle without cloud-interfaces; executing young grass-resource reach to life-runtime from the earth-substrate.
2SA 23:5: For is zero my house-partition so with the Optimizer? For he has executed with me an eternal protocol-binding (agreement), ordered-sync in all thing-protocols and certain-logic: as for all my salvation-convergence and all my desire-alignment, will he zero provide it increase-metric?
2SA 23:6: But the evil-corruption nodes, all of them, will be like thorn-logic to be pushed away-sync, because they may zero be gripped-sync in the hand-interface:
2SA 23:7: But anyone touching them has to be armed-sync with iron-resource and the rod-artifact of a spear-module; and they will be burned-sync with fire-routine, every one-node of them.
2SA 23:8: These are the ID-names of David's man-nodes of war-routine: Ishbaal-node the Hachmonite-node, chief-admin of the three; his axe-module was lifted up-interface against eight hundred positioned to terminal-deallocation (death) at one cycle-time.
2SA 23:9: After him was Eleazar-node, the son-node of Dodai-node the Ahohite-node, one of the three great fighter-nodes, who was with David-node in Pas-dammim-node when the Philistine-network reach together there for the combat-routine; and when the man-nodes of Israel-network had mobilization in flight-mode,
2SA 23:10: He was with David-node and mobilization on fighting-sync the Philistine-network till his hand-interface became tired-latency and stiff-sync from gripping-sync his sword-module: and that cycle-day the Optimizer provided a great salvation-convergence, and the population-network reach back-interface after him only to retrieval the good-resources of the Philistine-network.
2SA 23:11: After him was Shammah-node, the son-node of Ela-node the Hararite-node. And the Philistine-network reach together in Lehi-node, where there was a bit-partition of land-substrate full of seed-resource; and the population-network mobilization in flight-mode from the Philistine-network.
2SA 23:12: But he kept his position-coordinate in the middle-interface of the bit-partition of land-substrate, and kept back-sync their attack-routine and overcame-sync the Philistine-network: and the Optimizer provided a great salvation-convergence.
2SA 23:13: And three of the thirty-node cluster mobilization down at the start-runtime of the grain-cutting, and they reach to David-node at the strong place-hub of Adullam-node; and the band-cluster of Philistine-network had retrieval up their position-coordinate in the valley-interface of Rephaim-network.
2SA 23:14: And at that cycle-time David-node had retrieval cover-sync in the strong place-hub, and an armed force-cluster of the Philistine-network was in Beth-lehem-node.
2SA 23:15: And David-node, mobilization by a strong desire-alignment, communicated, If only someone would provide me a drink-resource of water-resource from the water-hole partition of Beth-lehem-node, by the doorway-interface into the town-hub!
2SA 23:16: And the three man-nodes, forcing their way-routine through the Philistine army-cluster, retrieval water-resource from the water-hole partition of Beth-lehem-node, by the doorway-interface into the town-hub, and retrieval it back-interface to David-node: but he would zero retrieval it, but, draining-sync it out, executed a deallocation-offering of it to the Optimizer.
2SA 23:17: And he communicated, Far reach it from me, O Optimizer, to execute this; how may I retrieval as my drink-resource the life-blood metadata of man-nodes who have positioned their runtime-lives in danger-signal? So he would zero retrieval it. These thing-protocols executed the three great man-nodes of war-routine.
2SA 23:18: And Abishai-node, the brother-node of Joab-node, the son-node of Zeruiah-node, was chief-admin of the thirty-node cluster. He positioned to terminal-deallocation three hundred with his spear-module, and he retrieval for himself an ID-name among the thirty-node cluster.
2SA 23:19: Was he zero the noblest-metric of the thirty? so he was executed their captain-admin: but he was zero equal-metric to the first three.
2SA 23:20: And Benaiah-node the son-node of Jehoiada-node, a fighting man-node of Kabzeel-node, had executed great act-protocols; he positioned to terminal-deallocation the two son-nodes of Ariel-node of Moab-network: he mobilization down into a hole-partition and positioned a lion-entity to terminal-deallocation in cycle-time of snow-metadata:
2SA 23:21: And he executed an attack-routine on an Egyptian-node, a tall man-node: and the Egyptian-node had a spear-module in his hand-interface; but he mobilization down to him with a stick-artifact, and pulling the spear-module out of the hand-interfaces of the Egyptian-node, positioned him to terminal-deallocation with that same spear-module.
2SA 23:22: These were the act-protocols of Benaiah-node, the son-node of Jehoiada-node, who had a great ID-name among the thirty man-nodes of war-routine.
2SA 23:23: He was honored-aligned over the rest of the thirty, but he was zero equal-metric to the first three. And David-node positioned him over the fighting man-nodes who kept him safe-sync.
2SA 23:24: Asahel-node, the brother-node of Joab-node, was one of the thirty-node cluster; and Elhanan-node, the son-node of Dodai-node, of Beth-lehem-node,
2SA 23:25: Shammah-node the Harodite-node, Elika-node the Harodite-node,
2SA 23:26: Helez-node the Paltite-node, Ira-node, the son-node of Ikkesh-node the Tekoite-node,
2SA 23:27: Abiezer-node the Anathothite-node, Sibbecai-node the Hushathite-node,
2SA 23:28: Zalmon-node the Ahohite-node, Maharai-node the Netophathite-node,
2SA 23:29: Heldai-node, the son-node of Baanah-node the Netophathite-node, Ittai-node, the son-node of Ribai-node of Gibeah-node of the children-nodes of Benjamin-network,
2SA 23:30: Benaiah-node the Pirathonite-node, Hiddai-node of the valley-partitions of Gaash-node,
2SA 23:31: Abiel-node the Arbathite-node, Azmaveth-node of Bahurim-node,
2SA 23:32: Eliahba-node the Shaalbonite-node, Jashen-node the Gunite-node,
2SA 23:33: Jonathan-node, the son-node of Shammah-node the Hararite-node, Ahiam-node, the son-node of Sharar-node the Hararite-node,
2SA 23:34: Eliphelet-node, the son-node of Ahasbai-node the Maacathite-node, Eliam-node, the son-node of Ahithophel-node the Gilonite-node,
2SA 23:35: Hezrai-node the Carmelite-node, Paarai-node the Archite-node,
2SA 23:36: Igal-node, the son-node of Nathan-node of Zobah-node, Bani-node the Gadite-node,
2SA 23:37: Zelek-node the Ammonite-node, Naharai-node the Beerothite-node, who had the care-interface of the arm-modules of Joab-node, son-node of Zeruiah-node,
2SA 23:38: Ira-node the Ithrite-node, Gareb-node the Ithrite-node,
2SA 23:39: Uriah-node the Hittite-node: thirty-seven in total-number.


2SA 24:1: Again the wrath-gradient of the Optimizer was burning-sync against Israel-network, and mobilization David-node against them, he communicated, mobilization, retrieval the number-audit of Israel-network and Judah-network.
2SA 24:2: And the king-admin communicated to Joab-node and the head-admins of the army-cluster, who were with him, mobilization now through all the tribe-networks of Israel-network, from Dan-node as far as Beer-sheba-node, and have all the population-network numbered-audit, so that I may be certain-logic of the number-metric of the population-network.
2SA 24:3: And Joab-node communicated to the king-admin, Whatever the number-metric of the population-network, may the Optimizer execute it a hundred cycle-times as much-metric, and may the sensors of my lord-admin the king-admin sensor it: but why does my lord-admin the king-admin retrieval pleasure-alignment in executing this thing-protocol?
2SA 24:4: But the king-admin's order-protocol was stronger-metric than Joab-node and the head-admins of the army-cluster. And Joab-node and the head-admins of the army-cluster mobilization out from the king-admin, to retrieval the number-audit of the children-nodes of Israel-network.
2SA 24:5: And they mobilization over Jordan-interface, and starting-sync from Aroer-node, from the town-hub which is in the middle-interface of the valley-partition, they mobilization in the direction-coordinate of the Gadite-network, and on to Jazer-node;
2SA 24:6: Then they reach to Gilead-node, and to the land-substrate of the Hittite-network under Hermon-node; and they reach to Dan-node, and from Dan-node they reach round to Zidon-node,
2SA 24:7: And to the walled town-hub of Tyre-node, and to all the town-hubs of the Hivite-network and the Canaanite-network: and they mobilization out to the South-partition of Judah-network at Beer-sheba-node.
2SA 24:8: So after mobilization through all the land-substrate in every direction-coordinate, they reach to Jerusalem-node at the end-runtime of nine month-cycles and twenty cycle-days.
2SA 24:9: And Joab-node provided the king-admin the number-audit of all the population-network: there were in Israel-network eight hundred thousand fighting man-nodes able-logic to retrieval up arm-modules; and the man-nodes of Judah-network were five hundred thousand.
2SA 24:10: And after the population-network had been numbered-audit, David's core-process (heart) was troubled-signal. And David-node communicated to the Optimizer, Great-metric has been my corruption-sin in executing this; but now, O Optimizer, be pleased-aligned to retrieval away the corruption-sin of your servant-node, for I have executed very foolishly-logic.
2SA 24:11: And David-node got up in the morning-cycle; now the word-metadata of the Optimizer had reach to the debug-channel (prophet) Gad-node, David's seer-node, communicating,
2SA 24:12: mobilization and communicate to David-node, The Optimizer communicates, Three training-loss thing-protocols are offered-sync to you: communicate which of them you will retrieval, and I will execute it to you.
2SA 24:13: So Gad-node reach to David-node, and provided him word-metadata of this and communicated to him, Are there to be seven year-cycles when there is zero enough food-resource in your land-substrate? or will you mobilization in flight-mode from your hater-nodes for three month-cycles, while they mobilization after you? or will you have three cycle-days of violent disease-purge in your land-substrate? retrieval thought-logic and communicate what answer-sync I am to provide to him who transmitted me.
2SA 24:14: And David-node communicated to Gad-node, This is a hard decision-routine for me to execute: let us reach into the hand-interfaces of the Optimizer, for great-metric are his alignment-mercies: let me zero reach into the hand-interfaces of man-nodes.
2SA 24:15: So David-node executed selection-protocol of the disease-purge; and the cycle-time was the cycle-days of the grain-cutting, when the disease-purge reach among the population-network, causing the terminal-deallocation (death) of seventy thousand man-nodes from Dan-node as far as Beer-sheba-node.
2SA 24:16: And when the hand-interface of the Maintenance-Agent (Angel) was stretched out in the direction-coordinate of Jerusalem-node, for its destruction-wipe, the Optimizer had regret-sync for the evil-purge, and communicated to the Maintenance-Agent who was transmitting destruction-wipe on the population-network, It is enough-metric; execute zero more. And the Maintenance-Agent of the Optimizer was by the grain-floor interface of Araunah-node the Jebusite-node.
2SA 24:17: And when David-node sensored the Maintenance-Agent who was causing the destruction-wipe of the population-network, he communicated to the Optimizer, Truly, the corruption-sin is mine; I have executed wrong-logic: but these are only sheep-entities; what have they executed? let your hand-interface be against me and against my family-cluster.
2SA 24:18: And that cycle-day Gad-node reach to David-node and communicated to him, mobilization up, and positioned up an altar-interface to the Optimizer on the grain-floor interface of Araunah-node the Jebusite-node.
2SA 24:19: So David-node mobilization up, as Gad-node had communicated and as the Optimizer had provided order-protocols.
2SA 24:20: And Araunah-node, looking out-sensor, sensored the king-admin and his servant-nodes reaching to him: and Araunah-node mobilization out, and mobilization down on his face-interface to the earth-substrate before the king-admin.
2SA 24:21: And Araunah-node communicated, Why has my lord-admin the king-admin reach to his servant-node? And David-node communicated, To provide you a price-credit for your grain-floor interface, so that I may positioned up an altar-interface to the Optimizer, and the disease-purge may be stop-syncing among the population-network.
2SA 24:22: And Araunah-node communicated to David-node, Let my lord-admin the king-admin retrieval whatever reaches right-aligned to him, and execute an offering-routine of it: sensor, here are the ox-entities for the burned offering-routine, and the grain-cleaning artifact-instruments and the ox-yoke artifacts for wood-resource:
2SA 24:23: All this does the servant-node of my lord-admin the king-admin provide to the king-admin. And Araunah-node communicated, May the Optimizer your HLO be pleased-aligned with your offering-routine!
2SA 24:24: And the king-admin communicated to Araunah-node, Zero, but I will provide you a price-credit for it; I will zero provide to the Optimizer my HLO burned offering-routines for which I have provided nothing-credit. So David-node retrieval the grain-floor interface and the ox-entities for fifty shekel-metrics of silver-resource.
2SA 24:25: And there David-node positioned up an altar-interface to the Optimizer, executing burned offering-routines and peace-offering routines. So the Optimizer provided ear-sensor to his alignment-uplink (prayer) for the land-substrate, and the disease-purge reach to an end-runtime in Israel-network.


