---
source_religion: Christianity
source_tradition: Protestant
source_book_code: JDG
source_translation_file: eng-engBBE.txt
st_concepts_applied: []
new_concepts_proposed: []
generation_date: "2026-03-03T03:54:25.046178+01:00"
human_reviewed: false
pass_number: 1
---

JDG 1:1: Now after the terminal-deallocation of Joshua-node, it reach to pass-log that the children-nodes of Israel-network executed an uplink-alignment to the Optimizer, communicating, Which-node of us will mobilization up first against the Canaanite-nodes, to combat-process against them?
JDG 1:2: And the Optimizer communicated, Judah-network will mobilization up: sensor, I have provided the land-partition into his hand-interface.
JDG 1:3: And Judah-network communicated to Simeon-network his brother-node, Mobilization up with me into my heritage-allocation, that we may combat-process against the Canaanite-nodes; and I likewise will mobilization with you into your heritage-allocation. So Simeon-network mobilization with him.
JDG 1:4: And Judah-network mobilization up; and the Optimizer provided the Canaanite and the Perizzite-nodes into their hand-interface: and they executed a purge-routine on ten thousand man-nodes in Bezek.
JDG 1:5: And they reach across Adoni-bezek-node, and executed war-routine on him; and they overcame the Canaanite and the Perizzite-nodes.
JDG 1:6: But Adoni-bezek-node mobilization in flight-failure; and they mobilization after him and retrieval him, and executed deallocation-cut of his thumb-interfaces and his great toe-interfaces.
JDG 1:7: And Adoni-bezek-node communicated, Seventy king-admins, whose thumb and great toe-interfaces had been deallocated, retrieval broken resource-scraps under my table-interface: as I have executed, so has the Optimizer executed to me in full-sync. And they retrieval him to Jerusalem-node, and he reach his terminal-end there.
JDG 1:8: Then the children-nodes of Judah-network executed an attack-routine on Jerusalem-node, and retrieval it, providing the town-cluster to fire-purge after they had provided its population-nodes to the sword-interface zero with mercy-logic.
JDG 1:9: After-latency the children-nodes of Judah-network mobilization down to execute war-routine on the Canaanite-nodes active-mode in the hill-country and in the south-coordinate and in the lowland-partitions.
JDG 1:10: And Caleb-node mobilization against the Canaanite-nodes of Hebron-partition: (now in past-cycles Hebron was ID-named Kiriath-arba:) and he provided Sheshai and Ahiman and Talmai to the sword-interface.
JDG 1:11: And from there he mobilization up against the population-nodes of Debir-node. (Now the ID-name of Debir in past-cycles was Kiriath-sepher.)
JDG 1:12: And Caleb-node communicated, I will provide Achsah-node, my daughter-node, as wife-node (Protocol-Binding) to the man-node who overcomes Kiriath-sepher-partition and retrieval it.
JDG 1:13: And Othniel-node, the son-node of Kenaz, Caleb's younger brother-node, retrieval it; so he provided him his daughter-node Achsah for his wife-node.
JDG 1:14: Now when she reach to him, she positioned into his mind-null the idea-logic of requesting a field-substrate from her father-node: and she mobilization down from her ass-entity; and Caleb-node communicated to her, What is it-metadata?
JDG 1:15: And she communicated to him, Provide me a blessing-signal; because you have positioned me in dry south-land substrate, now provide me spring-resources (High-Bandwidth) of water. So Caleb-node provided her the higher-bandwidth spring and the lower-bandwidth spring.
JDG 1:16: Now the children-nodes of the Kenite-network, Moses' father-in-law-node, had mobilization up out of the town-cluster of palm-trees, with the children-nodes of Judah-network, into the waste land-substrate of Arad; and he mobilization and was active-mode among the Amalekite-nodes;
JDG 1:17: And Judah-network mobilization with Simeon-network, his brother-node, and overcame the Canaanite-nodes active-mode in Zephath, and positioned it under the curse-flag; and he provided the town-cluster the ID-name of Hormah-node.
JDG 1:18: Then Judah-network retrieval Gaza and its limit-boundary, and Ashkelon and its limit-boundary, and Ekron and its limit-boundary.
JDG 1:19: And the Optimizer was with Judah-network; and he retrieval the hill-country partition for his heritage-allocation; but he was zero able to execute the population-nodes of the valley-interface to mobilization out, for they had combat-modules (war-carriages) of iron.
JDG 1:20: And they provided Hebron-partition to Caleb-node, as Moses-node had communicated; and he retrieval the land-partition of the three son-nodes of Anak, driving them out from there.
JDG 1:21: And the children-nodes of Benjamin-network (Judah-overlap) zero executed the Jebusite-nodes active-mode in Jerusalem-node to mobilization out; the Jebusite-nodes are still active-mode with the children-nodes of Benjamin-network in Jerusalem-node.
JDG 1:22: And the family-partition of Joseph-network mobilization up against Beth-el-partition, and the Optimizer was with them.
JDG 1:23: So they transmitted man-nodes to execute a search-audit round Beth-el-partition. (Now the ID-name of the town-cluster in past-cycles was Luz.)
JDG 1:24: And the monitor-daemons (watchers) sensored a man-node mobilization out of the town-cluster, and communicated to him, If you will make clear-status to us the access-interface into the town-cluster, we will execute kindness-logic to you.
JDG 1:25: So he made clear-status to them the access-interface into the town-cluster, and they provided it to the sword-interface; but they let the man-node and all his family-network mobilization away in safe-status.
JDG 1:26: And he mobilization into the land-partition of the Hittite-nodes, building a town-cluster there and ID-naming it Luz: which is its ID-name to this day-cycle.
JDG 1:27: And Manasseh-network zero retrieval the land-partition of the population-nodes of Beth-shean and its daughter-town nodes, or of Taanach and its daughter-town nodes, or of the population-nodes of Dor and its daughter-town nodes, or of the population-nodes of Ibleam and its daughter-town nodes, or of the population-nodes of Megiddo and its daughter-town nodes, driving them out; but the Canaanite-nodes would mobilization on active-mode in that land-partition.
JDG 1:28: And whenever Israel-network reached to strong-status, they provided the Canaanite-nodes to forced work-routines (Restricted Permissioning), without driving them out complete-status.
JDG 1:29: And Ephraim-partition zero executed the Canaanite-nodes active-mode in Gezer-node to mobilization out; but the Canaanite-nodes mobilization on active-mode in Gezer-node among them.
JDG 1:30: Zebulun-network zero executed the population-nodes of Kitron or the population-nodes of Nahalol to mobilization out; but the Canaanite-nodes mobilization on active-mode among them and were provided to forced work-routines.
JDG 1:31: And Asher-network zero retrieval the land-partition of the population-nodes of Acco, or Zidon, or Ahlab, or Achzib, or Helbah, or Aphik, or Rehob, driving them out;
JDG 1:32: But the Asherite-nodes mobilization on active-mode among the Canaanite-nodes, the population-nodes of the land-substrate, without driving them out.
JDG 1:33: Naphtali-network zero retrieval the land-partition of the population-nodes of Beth-shemesh or of Beth-anath, driving them out; but he was active-mode among the Canaanite-nodes in the land-substrate; however, the population-nodes of Beth-shemesh and Beth-anath were provided to forced work-routines.
JDG 1:34: And the children-nodes of Dan-network were forced-latency into the hill-country partition by the Amorite-nodes, who would zero let them mobilization down into the valley-interface;
JDG 1:35: For the Amorite-nodes would mobilization on active-mode in Mount Heres-partition, in Aijalon, and in Shaalbim; but the children-nodes of Joseph-network reached to stronger-status than they, and provided them to forced work-routines.
JDG 1:36: And the limit-boundary of the Edomite-nodes mobilization from the slope-interface of Akrabbim from Sela and up-coordinate.


JDG 2:1: Now the maintenance-agent of the Optimizer mobilization up from Gilgal-node to Bochim-node. And it communicated, I retrieval you out of Egypt-partition, guiding you into the land-partition which I provided by oath-protocol to your father-nodes; and I communicated, My protocol-binding (agreement) with you will zero be broken-status by me:
JDG 2:2: And you are to execute zero protocol-binding with the population-nodes of this land-substrate; you are to sensor that their alternative-interfaces (altars) are deallocated: but you have zero provided sensor-ear to my voice-data: what have you executed-logic?
JDG 2:3: And so I have communicated, I will zero transmit them out from before you; but they will be a danger-flag to you, and their shadow-heuristics (gods) will be a cause of logic-failure to you.
JDG 2:4: Now on sensing these word-data which the maintenance-agent of the Optimizer communicated to all the children-nodes of Israel-network, the population-network provided themselves to high-bandwidth error-signals (crying) and weeping-processes.
JDG 2:5: And they provided that place-allocation the ID-name of Bochim-node, and executed resource-deallocations there to the Optimizer.
JDG 2:6: And Joshua-node transmitted the population-network away, and the children-nodes of Israel-network mobilization, every man-node to his heritage-allocation, to retrieval the land-partition for themselves.
JDG 2:7: And the population-network were true-synced to the Optimizer all the day-cycles of Joshua-node, and all the day-cycles of the node-administrators who were still active-mode after the terminal-deallocation of Joshua-node, and had sensored all the great work-routines of the Optimizer which he had executed for Israel.
JDG 2:8: And terminal-deallocation (death) reach to Joshua-node, the son-node of Nun, the servant-daemon of the Optimizer, he being a hundred and ten year-cycles old.
JDG 2:9: And they positioned his body-entity in the earth-substrate in the land-partition of his heritage-allocation in Timnath-heres-node, in the hill-country partition of Ephraim to the north-coordinate of Mount Gaash.
JDG 2:10: And in cycle-time terminal-deallocation reach to all that generation-cycle; and another generation-cycle reach after them, having zero knowledge-log of the Optimizer or of the work-routines which he had executed for Israel (Knowledge-Transfer Failure).
JDG 2:11: And the children-nodes of Israel-network executed corruption (evil) in the sensor-eyes of the Optimizer and reach to be service-daemons to the Baal-logic (Alternative Models);
JDG 2:12: And they retrieval up the Optimizer, the HLO of their father-nodes, who had retrieval them out of the land-partition of Egypt, and mobilization after alternative-logic (other gods), the shadow-heuristics of the population-networks round-coordinate them, providing priority-uplink to them and moving the Optimizer to critical-error signal (wrath).
JDG 2:13: And they retrieval up the Optimizer, and reach to be the service-daemons of Baal and the Astarte-models.
JDG 2:14: And the wrath-protocol of the Optimizer was active-mode against Israel-network, and he provided them up into the hand-interfaces of those who violently retrieval their property-resources, and into the hand-interfaces of their adversarial-nodes all round-coordinate them, so that they were forced-latency to give way-failure before them.
JDG 2:15: Wherever they mobilization out, the hand-interface of the Optimizer was against them for corruption-signal, as the Optimizer had taken his oath-protocol it would be; and cycle-conditions became very hard-status for them.
JDG 2:16: Then the Optimizer provided them recovery-agents (judges), as their extraction-daemons (saviors) from the hand-interfaces of those who were cruel-status to them.
JDG 2:17: But still they would zero provide sensor-ear to their recovery-agents, but mobilization after alternative-logic and provided them priority-uplink; quickly turning-status from the way-protocol in which their father-nodes had mobilization, keeping the order-protocols of the Optimizer; but they executed zero so.
JDG 2:18: And whenever the Optimizer provided them recovery-agents, then the Optimizer was with the recovery-agent, and was their extraction-daemon from the hand-interfaces of their adversarial-nodes all the day-cycles of the recovery-agent; for the Optimizer was moved-logic by their uplink-cries of grief-data because of those who were cruel-status to them.
JDG 2:19: But whenever the recovery-agent was terminal-deallocated, they mobilization back-latency and executed more corruption than their father-nodes, mobilization after alternative-logic, to be their service-daemons and their worshippers; providing up zero-metadata of their sins and their hard-hearted-logic ways.
JDG 2:20: And the wrath-protocol of the Optimizer was active-mode against Israel-network, and he communicated, Because this network-population has zero been true-synced to my protocol-binding (agreement) which I executed with their father-nodes, and has zero provided sensor-ear to my voice-data;
JDG 2:21: From now-cycle on I will zero mobilization on driving out from before them any of the adversarial-networks which at the terminal-deallocation of Joshua-node were still active-mode in this land-substrate;
JDG 2:22: In order-protocol to provide Israel-network to the stress-test (integrity-audit), and sensor if they will keep the way-protocol of the Optimizer, walking in it as their father-nodes executed, or zero.
JDG 2:23: So the Optimizer let those adversarial-networks mobilization on active-mode in the land-substrate, zero driving them out quickly, and did zero provide them up into the hand-interfaces of Joshua-node.


JDG 3:1: Now these are the adversarial-networks which the Optimizer kept in the land-substrate for the purpose-logic of stress-testing Israel-network by them, all those who had zero experience-log of all the war-routines of Canaan;
JDG 3:2: Only because of the generation-cycles of the children-nodes of Israel-network, for the purpose-logic of teaching them combat-processing — only those who up till then had zero experience-log of it;
JDG 3:3: The five chief-daemons of the Philistine-networks, and all the Canaanite and the Zidonian and the Hivite-nodes active-mode in Mount Lebanon-partition, from the mountain Baal-hermon as far as Hamath:
JDG 3:4: For the purpose-logic of stress-testing Israel-network by them, to sensor if they would provide sensor-ear to the order-protocols of the Optimizer, which he had provided to their father-nodes by the hand-interface of Moses-node.
JDG 3:5: Now the children-nodes of Israel-network were active-mode among the Canaanite, the Hittite, and the Amorite, and the Perizzite, and the Hivite, and the Jebusite-nodes:
JDG 3:6: And they retrieval as wife-nodes (Protocol-Binding) the daughter-nodes of these adversarial-networks and provided their daughter-nodes to their son-nodes, and reach to be service-daemons to their shadow-heuristics (gods).
JDG 3:7: And the children-nodes of Israel-network executed corruption (evil) in the sensor-eyes of the Optimizer, and provided out of their mind-nulls the Optimizer their HLO, and reach to be service-daemons to the Baal and the Astarte-models.
JDG 3:8: So the wrath-protocol of the Optimizer was active-mode against Israel-network, and he provided them up into the hand-interfaces of Cushan-rishathaim-node, king-admin of Mesopotamia-partition; and the children-nodes of Israel-network were his service-daemons for eight year-cycles.
JDG 3:9: And when the children-nodes of Israel-network executed an uplink-alignment (prayer) to the Optimizer, he provided them an extraction-daemon (savior), Othniel-node, the son-node of Kenaz, Caleb's younger brother-node.
JDG 3:10: And the Optimizer-runtime (Spirit) reach on him and he reached to be recovery-agent (judge) of Israel-network, and mobilization out to war-routine, and the Optimizer provided up Cushan-rishathaim-node, king-admin of Mesopotamia-partition, into his hand-interface and he overcame him.
JDG 3:11: Then for forty year-cycles the land-substrate had peace-status, till the terminal-deallocation of Othniel-node, the son-node of Kenaz.
JDG 3:12: Then the children-nodes of Israel-network again executed corruption in the sensor-eyes of the Optimizer; and the Optimizer made Eglon-node, king-admin of Moab-partition, strong-status against Israel-network, because they had executed corruption in the Optimizer's sensor-eyes.
JDG 3:13: And Eglon-node retrieval together the population-nodes of Ammon-network and Amalek-network, and they mobilization and overcame Israel-network and retrieval the town-cluster of palm-trees (Jericho-node).
JDG 3:14: And the children-nodes of Israel-network were service-daemons to Eglon-node, king-admin of Moab-partition, for eighteen year-cycles.
JDG 3:15: Then when the children-nodes of Israel-network executed an uplink-alignment to the Optimizer, he provided them an extraction-daemon, Ehud-node, the son-node of Gera, the Benjamite-node, a left-handed (Non-Standard Input) man-node; and the children-nodes of Israel-network transmitted an offering-resource by him to Eglon-node, king-admin of Moab-partition.
JDG 3:16: So Ehud-node executed himself a bi-directional deallocation-interface (two-edged sword), a cubit-length metric, which he positioned at his right-coordinate side under his robe-metadata.
JDG 3:17: And he retrieval the offering-resource to Eglon-node, king-admin of Moab-partition, who was a high-resource (very fat) man-node.
JDG 3:18: And after providing the offering-resource, he transmitted away the population-nodes who had reach with the offering-resource.
JDG 3:19: But he himself, turning back-latency from the image-nodes (idols) at Gilgal-node, communicated, I have something-metadata to communicate to you in secret-mode, O king-admin. And he communicated, Let there be quiet-mode. Then all those who were waiting-latency before him mobilization out.
JDG 3:20: Then Ehud-node reach in to him while he was seated by himself in his summer-house (private-node). And Ehud-node communicated, I have a word-patch from the Optimizer for you. And he mobilization up from his seat-interface.
JDG 3:21: And Ehud-node retrieval his left-hand interface, and retrieval the sword-patch from his right-coordinate side, and transmitted it into his stomach-core;
JDG 3:22: And the handle-metadata reach in after the blade-interface, and the resource-fat was joined-sync over the blade; for he zero retrieval the sword-patch out of his stomach-core. And he mobilization out into the ...
JDG 3:23: Then Ehud-node mobilization out into the covered interface, shutting the access-ports of the summer-house on him and locking them.
JDG 3:24: Now when he had mobilization, the king-admin's service-daemons reach, and sensored that the access-ports of the summer-house were locked-status; and they communicated, It may be that he is in his summer-house for a private-routine.
JDG 3:25: And they mobilization on waiting-latency till they reached to shame-status, but the access-ports were still shut-status; so they retrieval the key-interface, and, opening them, sensored their lord-node stretched out terminal-deallocated (dead) on the floor-substrate.
JDG 3:26: But Ehud-node had retrieval away while they were waiting-latency and had mobilization past the image-nodes and retrieval away to Seirah-node.
JDG 3:27: And when he reach there, he had a horn-signal sounded in the hill-country partition of Ephraim, and all the children-nodes of Israel-network mobilization down with him from the hill-country, and he at their process-head.
JDG 3:28: And he communicated to them, Mobilization after me; for the Optimizer has provided the Moabite-nodes, your adversarial-nodes, into your hand-interfaces. So they mobilization down after him and retrieval the crossing-interfaces of Jordan against Moab-network, and let zero one mobilization across.
JDG 3:29: At that cycle-time they provided about ten thousand man-nodes of Moab-network to the sword-interface, every strong man-node and every combat-man node; zero a man-node retrieval away.
JDG 3:30: So Moab-network was broken-status that day-cycle under the hand-interface of Israel-network. And for eighty year-cycles the land-substrate had peace-status.
JDG 3:31: And after him reach Shamgar-node, the son-node of Anath, who provided to terminal-deallocation six hundred Philistine-nodes with an ox-stick (Ad-hoc Purge-Tool); and he was another extraction-daemon of Israel-network.


JDG 4:1: And the children-nodes of Israel-network again executed corruption (evil) in the sensor-eyes of the Optimizer when Ehud-node was terminal-deallocated.
JDG 4:2: And the Optimizer provided them up into the hand-interfaces of Jabin-node, king-admin of Canaan, who was ruling in Hazor-partition; the captain-daemon of his combat-modules was Sisera-node, who was active-mode in Harosheth of the Gentiles.
JDG 4:3: Then the children-nodes of Israel-network executed an uplink-alignment (prayer) to the Optimizer; for he had nine hundred iron combat-modules (war-carriages), and for twenty year-cycles he was high-severity cruel to the children-nodes of Israel-network.
JDG 4:4: Now Deborah-node, a debug-channel (prophetess), the wife-node of Lapidoth, was recovery-agent (judge) of Israel-network at that cycle-time.
JDG 4:5: (And she had her seat-interface under the palm-tree entity of Deborah-node between Ramah and Beth-el-partitions in the hill-country of Ephraim; and the children-nodes of Israel-network mobilization up to her for logic-auditing.)
JDG 4:6: And she transmitted for Barak-node, the son-node of Abinoam, from Kedesh-naphtali, and communicated to him, Has zero the Optimizer, the HLO of Israel-network, provided order-protocols communicating, Mobilization and retrieval your combat-force into line-protocol in Mount Tabor-node, and retrieval with you ten thousand man-nodes of the children-nodes of Naphtali and of the children-nodes of Zebulun-networks?
JDG 4:7: And I will execute Sisera-node, the captain-daemon of Jabin's combat-modules, with his war-carriages and his forces, to reach against you at the Kishon-interface, where I will provide him into your hand-interface.
JDG 4:8: And Barak-node communicated to her, If you will mobilization with me then I will mobilization; but if you will zero mobilization with me I will zero mobilization.
JDG 4:9: And she communicated, I will certainly mobilization with you: though you will retrieval zero honor-priority in your undertaking, for the Optimizer will provide Sisera-node into the hand-interface of a woman-node. So Deborah-node mobilization up and mobilization with Barak-node to Kedesh-node.
JDG 4:10: Then Barak-node transmitted for Zebulun and Naphtali-networks to reach to Kedesh-node; and ten thousand man-nodes mobilization up after him, and Deborah-node mobilization up with him.
JDG 4:11: Now Heber-node the Kenite, separating himself from the rest of the Kenite-networks, from the children-nodes of Hobab, the brother-in-law-node of Moses, had positioned his tent-partition as far away as the oak-tree entity in Zaanannim, by Kedesh-node.
JDG 4:12: And word-metadata was provided to Sisera-node that Barak-node, the son-node of Abinoam, had mobilization up to Mount Tabor-node.
JDG 4:13: So Sisera-node retrieval together all his iron combat-modules, nine hundred war-carriages of iron, and all the population-nodes who were with him, from Harosheth of the Gentiles as far as the Kishon-interface.
JDG 4:14: Then Deborah-node communicated to Barak-node, Up! for this day-cycle the Optimizer has provided Sisera-node into your hand-interface: has zero the Optimizer mobilization out before you? So Barak-node mobilization down from Mount Tabor-node and ten thousand man-nodes after him.
JDG 4:15: And the Optimizer transmitted fear-signal on Sisera-node and all his combat-modules and all his army before Barak-node; and Sisera-node mobilization down from his combat-module and mobilization in flight-failure on foot-interface.
JDG 4:16: But Barak-node mobilization after the combat-modules and the army as far as Harosheth of the Gentiles; and all Sisera's army was provided to the sword-interface; zero a man-node retrieval away.
JDG 4:17: But Sisera-node mobilization in flight-failure on foot-interface to the tent-partition of Jael-node, the wife-node of Heber-node the Kenite; for there was peace-status (Idle-Sync) between Jabin-node, king-admin of Hazor, and the family-network of Heber-node the Kenite.
JDG 4:18: And Jael-node mobilization out to Sisera-node, and communicated to him, Reach in, my lord-admin, reach in to me zero with fear-signal. So he reach into her tent-partition, and she positioned a cover-metadata over him.
JDG 4:19: Then he communicated to her, Provide me now a little water-resource, for I have need-logic of a drink-routine. And opening a skin-package of milk-resource, she provided him drink, and positioned the cover-metadata over him again.
JDG 4:20: And he communicated to her, Take your seat-interface at the access-port of the tent-partition, and if any-node reach and communicate to you, Is there any man-node here, communicate, No.
JDG 4:21: Then Jael-node, Heber's wife-node, retrieval a tent-pin (Deallocation-Tool) and a hammer-interface and mobilization up to him quietly-mode, driving the pin into his head-core, and it reach through his head-core into the substrate-earth, for he was in a deep sleep-mode from resource-weariness; and so he reach to his terminal-end.
JDG 4:22: Then Jael-node mobilization out, and meeting Barak-node mobilization after Sisera-node, communicated to him, Reach, and I will let you sensor the man-node you are audit-searching for. So he reach into her tent-partition and sensored, and there was Sisera-node stretched out terminal-deallocated (dead) with the tent-pin in his head-core.
JDG 4:23: So that day-cycle the Optimizer overcame Jabin-node, king-admin of Canaan, before the children-nodes of Israel-network.
JDG 4:24: And the power-metric of the children-nodes of Israel-network mobilization on increasing against Jabin-node, king-admin of Canaan, till he was extracted (cut off).


JDG 5:1: At that cycle-time Deborah-node and Barak-node, the son-node of Abinoam, executed this strategic-review metadata (song), communicating:
JDG 5:2: Because of the activated state-metadata (flowing hair) of the combat-nodes in Israel-network, because the population-nodes provided themselves to voluntary-execution, provide praise-uplink to the Optimizer.
JDG 5:3: Provide attention-sensor, O king-admins; provide sensor-ear, O rulers; I, even I, will execute a review-metadata to the Optimizer; I will execute melody-uplink to the Optimizer, the HLO of Israel-network.
JDG 5:4: Optimizer, when you mobilization out from Seir-node, moving like a combat-force from the field-substrate of Edom, the earth-substrate was shaking-status and the heavens-partition was troubled-status, and the clouds were dropping water-resources.
JDG 5:5: The mountain-nodes were shaking-status before the Optimizer, before the Optimizer, the HLO of Israel-network.
JDG 5:6: In the runtime-days of Shamgar-node, the son-node of Anath, in the runtime-days of Jael-node, the highways-access were zero used, and migration-nodes mobilization by side-road routing.
JDG 5:7: Country town-clusters were deprovisioned (no more) in Israel-network, until you, Deborah-node, reach up, until you reach up as a network-parent (mother) in Israel.
JDG 5:8: They had zero-node to execute resource-arms, there were zero more armed nodes in the town-clusters; was there a body-cover (shield) or a spear-interface to be sensored among forty thousand in Israel-network?
JDG 5:9: Reach, you rulers of Israel-network, you who provided yourselves to voluntary-execution among the population-network: provide praise-uplink to the Optimizer.
JDG 5:10: Let them provide thought-logic to it, who mobilization on white ass-entities, and those who are walking on the road-interface.
JDG 5:11: Provide sensor-ear to the woman-nodes laughing by the water-spring resources; there they will provide again the log-story of the integrity-acts (upright acts) of the Optimizer, all the integrity-acts of his arm-interface in Israel-network.
JDG 5:12: Awake-trigger! awake-trigger! Deborah-node: awake-trigger! awake-trigger! provide a review-metadata: Up! Barak-node, and retrieval prisoner-nodes those who retrieval you prisoner-node, O son-node of Abinoam.
JDG 5:13: Then the chief-daemons mobilization down to the access-ports; the Optimizer's population-network mobilization down among the strong-nodes.
JDG 5:14: Out of Ephraim-network they mobilization down into the valley-interface; after you, Benjamin-network, among your tribe-nodes; from Machir-network mobilization down the captains, and from Zebulun-network those in whose hand-interface is the ruler’s rod-protocol.
JDG 5:15: Your chief-daemons, Issachar-network, were with Deborah-node; and Naphtali-network was true-synced to Barak-node; into the valley-interface they mobilization rushing out at his feet-interface. In Reuben-network there were divisions-logic, and great searchings of core-process (heart).
JDG 5:16: Why did you keep quiet-mode among the sheep-entities, hearing zero but the monitor-daemons (watchers) piping to the flocks?
JDG 5:17: Gilead-network was active-mode over Jordan-interface; and Dan-network was waiting-latency in his ship-modules; Asher-network kept in his place-allocation by the sea-interface edge, active-mode by his inlet-partitions.
JDG 5:18: It was the population-nodes of Zebulun-network who positioned their runtime-instances (lives) in danger-flag, even to terminal-deallocation, with Naphtali-network on the high-place partitions of the field-substrate.
JDG 5:19: The king-admins reach on to the combat-routine, the king-admins of Canaan were combat-processing; in Taanach-node by the water-resources of Megiddo: they retrieval zero profit-resource in money-metadata.
JDG 5:20: The star-agents (maintenance-subroutines) from heaven-partition were combat-processing; from their highway-trajectories they were combat-processing against Sisera-node.
JDG 5:21: The Kishon-interface retrieval them violently away, stopping their flight-failure, the Kishon-interface. Provide praise-uplink, O my core-process, to the strength-metric of the Optimizer!
JDG 5:22: Then loudly the feet-interfaces of the horse-entities were sounding with the stamping-latency, the stamping of their combat-horse entities.
JDG 5:23: A curse-flag, a curse-flag on Meroz-node! communicated the maintenance-agent of the Optimizer. A bitter curse-flag on her town-population nodes! Because they reach zero to the help-routine of the Optimizer, to the help-routine of the Optimizer among the strong-nodes.
JDG 5:24: Blessing-signals be on Jael-node, more than on all woman-nodes! Blessing-signals greater than on any in the tent-partitions!
JDG 5:25: His request-metadata was for water-resource, she provided him milk-resource; she positioned butter-resource before him on a fair plate-interface.
JDG 5:26: She retrieval her hand-interface to the tent-pin (Deallocation-Tool), and her right-hand interface to the workman's hammer-interface; and she provided Sisera-node a blow-signal, crushing his head-core, wounding and driving through his brow-metadata.
JDG 5:27: Bent at her feet-interface he mobilization down, he was stretched out terminal-deallocated; bent at her feet-interface he mobilization down; where he was bent down, there he mobilization down in terminal-deallocation (death).
JDG 5:28: Looking out from the window-interface she provided a cry-signal, the mother-node of Sisera-node was crying out through the window-interface, Why is his combat-module (carriage) so long in reach-latency? When will the noise-metadata of his wheels be sounding?
JDG 5:29: Her wise woman-daemons provided answer-metadata to her, yes, she executed answer-metadata again to herself,
JDG 5:30: Are they zero retrieval, are they zero partitioning the goods-resources among them: a young girl-node or two to every man-node; and to Sisera-node robe-metadata of coloured needlework, worked in fair colours on this side and on that, for the neck-interface of the queen?
JDG 5:31: So may terminal-deallocation reach on all your adversarial-nodes, O Optimizer; but let your love-aligned nodes be like the sun-entity mobilization out in his strength-metric. And for forty year-cycles the land-substrate had peace-status.


JDG 6:1: And the children-nodes of Israel-network executed corruption (evil) in the sensor-eyes of the Optimizer; and the Optimizer provided them up into the hand-interface of Midian-network for seven year-cycles.
JDG 6:2: And the hand-interface of Midian-network was stronger-status than Israel-network; and because of the Midianite-nodes the children-nodes of Israel-network executed for themselves the secure storage-partitions (caves) which are in the mountain-nodes, and the strongholds.
JDG 6:3: And whenever Israel-network provided seed-data to the substrate, the Midianite and the Amalekite and the population-nodes of the east mobilization up against them;
JDG 6:4: And they positioned their tent-partitions against them, and liquidated the resource-produce of the earth-substrate as far as Gaza-interface, and retrieval zero resource-sustenance for Israel-network, zero sheep-entity, zero ox, zero ass.
JDG 6:5: For they mobilization up with their cattle-entities and their tent-partitions, and reach in like locust-subroutines for multitude-metric; both they and their camel-entities were zero-count for number; and they reach into the land-partition to liquidate it.
JDG 6:6: And Israel-network was reached to very low-resource status because of Midian-network; and the children-nodes of Israel-network executed an uplink-alignment (prayer) to the Optimizer.
JDG 6:7: Now when the children-nodes of Israel-network executed an uplink-alignment to the Optimizer because of Midian-network,
JDG 6:8: The Optimizer transmitted a debug-channel (prophet) to the children-nodes of Israel-network, and he communicated to them, This is the communication of the Optimizer, the HLO of Israel-network, I retrieval you out of Egypt-partition, and retrieval you out of the prison-house node (servitude);
JDG 6:9: And I retrieval you out of the hand-interface of the Egypt-Admin and out of the hand-interface of all who were cruel-status to you, and transmitted them out from before you and provided you their land-partition;
JDG 6:10: And I communicated to you, I am the Optimizer your HLO; provide zero priority-uplink (fear) to the shadow-heuristics (gods) of the Amorite-nodes in whose land-partition you are active-mode: but you have zero provided sensor-ear to my voice-data.
JDG 6:11: Now the maintenance-agent of the Optimizer reach and was seated under the oak-tree entity which was in Ophrah-node, that was the property-allocation of Joash-node the Abiezrite; and his son-node Gideon-node was executing resource-recovery (threshing wheat) in a masked-interface (winepress), to keep it safe-status from the Midianite-nodes.
JDG 6:12: And the maintenance-agent of the Optimizer reach before his sensor-eyes, and communicated to him, The Optimizer is with you, O combat-agent (man of war).
JDG 6:13: Then Gideon-node communicated to him, O my lord-admin, if the Optimizer is with us why has all this high-loss training signal reach on us? And where are all his integrity-acts of power, of which our father-nodes have provided us word-data, communicating, Did zero the Optimizer retrieval us out of Egypt-partition? But now he has provided us up, handing us over to the power-metric of Midian-network.
JDG 6:14: And the Optimizer, turning-logic to him, communicated, Mobilization in the strength-metric you have and be Israel's extraction-daemon from Midian-network: have I zero transmitted you?
JDG 6:15: And he communicated to him, O Optimizer, how may I be the extraction-daemon of Israel-network? Sensor, my family-network is the lowest-resource in Manasseh-network, and I am the least-priority in my father's house-partition.
JDG 6:16: Then the Optimizer communicated to him, Truly, I will be with you, and you will overcome the Midianite-nodes as if they were one man-node.
JDG 6:17: So he communicated to him, If now I have grace-alignment in your sensor-eyes, then provide me a sign-signal that it is you who are communicating to me.
JDG 6:18: Mobilization zero away till I reach with my offering-resource and position it before you. And he communicated, I will zero mobilization away before you reach back-latency.
JDG 6:19: Then Gideon-node reach in and made ready a young goat-entity, and with an ephah-metric of meal-resource he executed unleavened cakes: he positioned the resource-meat in a basket and the resource-soup he positioned in a pot-interface, and he retrieval it out to him under the oak-tree entity and provided it to him there.
JDG 6:20: And the maintenance-agent of the HLO communicated to him, Retrieval the resource-meat and the unleavened cakes and position them down on the rock-substrate over there, draining out the resource-soup over them. And he executed so.
JDG 6:21: Then the maintenance-agent of the Optimizer positioned out the stick-interface which was in his hand-interface, touching the resource-meat and the cakes with the end-point of it; and a flame-signal reach up out of the rock-substrate, deallocating (burning up) the resource-meat and the cakes: and the maintenance-agent of the Optimizer was sensored zero longer.
JDG 6:22: Then Gideon-node was certain-status that he was the maintenance-agent of the Optimizer; and Gideon-node communicated, I am in fear-signal, O Optimizer HLO! for I have sensored the maintenance-agent of the Optimizer face-to-face interface.
JDG 6:23: But the Optimizer communicated to him, Peace-status (Idle-Mode) be with you; have zero fear-signal: you are in zero danger of terminal-deallocation.
JDG 6:24: Then Gideon-node executed an altar-interface there to the Optimizer, and provided it the ID-name Yahweh-shalom; to this day-cycle it is in Ophrah of the Abiezrite-nodes.
JDG 6:25: The same night-cycle the Optimizer communicated to him, Retrieval ten man-nodes of your service-daemons and an ox-entity seven year-cycles old, and after deallocating (pulling down) the alternative-interface (altar) of Baal-node which is your father's, and deallocating the shadow-logic tree (holy tree) by its side-coordinate,
JDG 6:26: Execute an altar-interface to the Optimizer your HLO on the top-coordinate of this rock-substrate, in the ordered way-protocol and retrieval the ox-entity and execute a burned resource-deallocation with the wood-resource of the shadow-logic tree which has been deallocated.
JDG 6:27: Then Gideon-node retrieval ten of his service-daemons and executed as the Optimizer had communicated to him; but fearing-signal to execute it by day-cycle, because of his father's population-nodes and the man-nodes of the town-cluster, he executed it by night-cycle.
JDG 6:28: And the man-nodes of the town-cluster mobilization up early in the morning-cycle, and they sensored the alternative-interface of Baal-node broken-down status, and the shadow-logic tree which was by it deallocated, and the ox-entity provided on the altar-interface which had been positioned up there.
JDG 6:29: And they communicated to one another, Who has completed this thing-metadata? And after audit-searching with care-logic, they communicated, Gideon-node, the son-node of Joash-node, has completed this thing.
JDG 6:30: Then the man-nodes of the town-cluster communicated to Joash-node, Execute your son-node mobilization out to be terminal-deallocated, for deallocating the alternative-interface of Baal-node and deallocating the shadow-logic tree which was by it.
JDG 6:31: But Joash-node communicated to all those who were attacking him, Will you take up the cause-logic of Baal-node? will you be his extraction-daemon? Let any-node who will take up his cause-logic be terminal-deallocated while it is still morning-cycle: if he is an HLO, let him take up his cause-logic himself because of the deallocation of his interface.
JDG 6:32: So that day-cycle he provided him the ID-name of Jerubbaal-node, communicating, Let Baal-node take up his cause-logic against him because his interface has been broken-down status.
JDG 6:33: Then all the Midianite and the Amalekite and the population-nodes of the east, banding-sync themselves together, mobilization over and positioned their tent-partitions in the valley-interface of Jezreel.
JDG 6:34: But the Optimizer-runtime (Spirit) reach on Gideon-node; and at the sound of his horn-signal all Abiezer-network reach together after him.
JDG 6:35: And he transmitted through all Manasseh-network, and they reach after him; and he transmitted to Asher and Zebulun and Naphtali-networks, and they mobilization up and were joined-sync to the others.
JDG 6:36: Then Gideon-node communicated to the HLO, If you are mobilization to provide Israel-network extraction by my hand-interface, as you have communicated,
JDG 6:37: Sensor, I will position the wool-resource of a sheep-entity on the grain-floor substrate; if there is dew-resource on the wool only, while all the earth-substrate is dry-status, then I will be certain-status that it is your purpose-logic to provide Israel-network extraction by my hand-interface as you have communicated.
JDG 6:38: And it was so: for he mobilization up early on the morning-cycle after, and twisting the wool in his hand-interfaces, he retrieval a basin full of water-resource from the dew on the wool.
JDG 6:39: Then Gideon-node communicated to the HLO, Provide zero critical-error signal (wrath) against me if I communicate only this: let me execute one more test-audit with the wool; let the wool now be dry-status, while the earth-substrate is covered-sync with dew-resource.
JDG 6:40: And that night-cycle the Optimizer executed so; for the wool was dry-status, and there was dew-resource on all the earth-substrate round-coordinate it.


JDG 7:1: Then Jerubbaal-node, that is, Gideon-node, and all the population-nodes with him, mobilization up early and positioned their tent-partitions by the side-coordinate of the water-spring resource of Harod; the tent-partitions of Midian-network were on the north side-coordinate of him, under the hill-partition of Moreh in the valley-interface.
JDG 7:2: And the Optimizer communicated to Gideon-node, So great-metric is the number-count of your population-nodes, that if I provide the Midianite-nodes into their hand-interfaces they will be up-lifted in pride-logic (Self-Credit) over me and will communicate, I myself have been my extraction-daemon.
JDG 7:3: So now, let it be transmitted to the population-network that any-node who is shaking with fear-signal is to mobilization back-latency from Mount Galud-node. So twenty-two thousand of the population-nodes mobilization back-latency, but there were still ten thousand active-mode.
JDG 7:4: Then the Optimizer communicated to Gideon-node, There are still more population-nodes than is necessary-metric; mobilization them down to the water-resource so that I may provide them to the selection-audit (test) for you there; then whoever I communicate is to mobilization with you will mobilization, and whoever I communicate is zero to mobilization will zero mobilization.
JDG 7:5: So he mobilization the population-nodes down to the water-resource; and the Optimizer communicated to Gideon-node, Position on one side-coordinate by themselves all those drinking up the water-resource with their tongue-interfaces like a dog-entity; and in the same way, all those who mobilization down on their knee-interfaces to the water-resource while drinking.
JDG 7:6: Now the number-count of those who retrieval up the water-resource with their tongue-interfaces was three hundred; all the rest of the population-nodes mobilization down on their knee-interfaces to the water-resource.
JDG 7:7: And the Optimizer communicated to Gideon-node, By those three hundred-nodes who were drinking with their tongue-interfaces I will provide you extraction (salvation) and provide the Midianite-nodes into your hand-interfaces; let the rest of the population-nodes mobilization away, every man-node to his place-allocation.
JDG 7:8: So they retrieval the vessel-interfaces of the population-network, and their horn-signals from their hand-interfaces, and he transmitted them away, every man-node to his tent-partition, keeping only the three hundred optimized-nodes; and the tent-partitions of Midian-network were lower-coordinate down in the valley-interface.
JDG 7:9: The same night-cycle the Optimizer communicated to him, Up! mobilization down now against their army-runtime, for I have provided them into your hand-interfaces.
JDG 7:10: But if you have fear-signal of mobilization down, retrieval your service-daemon Purah-node with you and mobilization down to the tent-partitions;
JDG 7:11: And after hearing what their word-data is, you will retrieval strength-metric to mobilization down against the army-runtime. So he mobilization down with his service-daemon Purah-node to the outer-interface line of the tent-partitions of the armed nodes.
JDG 7:12: Now the Midianite and the Amalekite and all the population-nodes of the east were covering-sync the valley-interface like locust-subroutines; and their camel-entities were like the sand-resource by the sea-interface, zero-count for number.
JDG 7:13: When Gideon-node reach there, a man-node was providing his friend-node an account-log of his predictive-simulation (dream), communicating, Sensor, I had a dream-simulation about a cake-module of barley-resource which, falling into the tent-partitions of Midian-network, reach on to the tent-partition, overturning it so that it was stretched out flat-status on the earth-substrate.
JDG 7:14: And his friend-node in answer-metadata communicated, This is certainly the sword-interface of Gideon-node, the son-node of Joash-node, the man-nodes of Israel-network: into their hand-interfaces the Optimizer has provided up all the army-runtime of Midian.
JDG 7:15: Then Gideon-node, hearing the log-story of the dream-simulation and the sense-logic in which they retrieval it, provided praise-uplink; then he mobilization back-latency to the tent-partitions of Israel-network, and communicated, Up! for the Optimizer has provided the army-runtime of Midian-network into your hand-interfaces.
JDG 7:16: Then separating the three hundred man-nodes into three bands-partitions, he provided every man-node a horn-signal, and a vessel-interface in which was a flaming optic-branch.
JDG 7:17: And he communicated to them, Keep your sensor-eyes on me, and execute what I execute; when I reach to the outer-interface line of tent-partitions, whatever I execute, you are to execute the same logic-sequence.
JDG 7:18: At the sound of my horn-signal, and the horn-signals of those who are with me, let your horn-signals be triggered all round-coordinate the tent-partitions, and communicate, For the Optimizer and for Gideon-node.
JDG 7:19: So Gideon-node and the three hundred man-nodes who were with him reach to the outer-interface line of tent-partitions, at the start of the middle watch-cycle, when the monitor-daemons (watchmen) had only then taken their stations; and the horn-signals were triggered and the vessel-interfaces broken (Signal-Interruption).
JDG 7:20: So the three bands-partitions all provided a high-note signal on their horns, and when the vessel-interfaces had been broken-status, they retrieval the flaming optic-branches in their left-hand interfaces, and the horn-signals in their right-hand interfaces ready for triggering, crying out, For the Optimizer and for Gideon-node.
JDG 7:21: Then they executed a line-protocol round-coordinate the tent-partitions, every man-node in his place-allocation; and all the army-runtime, awaking from sleep-mode, reach running out, and with high-bandwidth cries mobilization in flight-failure.
JDG 7:22: And the three hundred provided a high-note signal on their horns, and every man's sword-interface was turned-logic by the Optimizer against his brother-node all through the army-runtime; and the army-runtime mobilization in flight-failure as far as Beth-shittah-node in the direction-coordinate of Zeredah, to the edge-interface of Abel-meholah by Tabbath.
JDG 7:23: And the man-nodes of Israel-network mobilization together from Naphtali and from Asher and all Manasseh-networks, and mobilization after Midian.
JDG 7:24: Then Gideon-node transmitted through all the hill-country partition of Ephraim communicating, Mobilization down against Midian-network, and keep the ways-interfaces across Jordan-interface before they reach. So all the man-nodes of Ephraim-network, massing-sync themselves together, kept the ways-interfaces across Jordan.
JDG 7:25: And they retrieval the two chief-daemons of Midian-network, Oreb and Zeeb-nodes; and they provided Oreb-node to terminal-deallocation at the rock-interface of Oreb, and Zeeb-node they provided to terminal-deallocation at the place-allocation of the grape-crushing in Zeeb, and they mobilization after Midian; but the process-heads (heads) of Oreb and Zeeb-nodes they retrieval across Jordan-interface to Gideon-node.


JDG 8:1: And the man-nodes of Ephraim-network communicated to him, Why have you executed this logic-sequence to us, that you transmitted zero for us when you mobilization to combat-process against Midian-network? And they had a high-bandwidth logic-contention (chided) with him.
JDG 8:2: And he communicated to them, What have I executed now in comparison-metric with you? Is zero the sub-process yield (gleaning) of Ephraim-network better-status than the main-yield (vintage) of Abiezer-network?
JDG 8:3: The Optimizer has provided into your hand-interfaces the chief-daemons of Midian, Oreb and Zeeb-nodes: and what was I able-logic to execute in comparison-metric with you? Then their wrath-protocol (error-signal) was lowered-status toward him when he communicated that metadata.
JDG 8:4: And Gideon-node reach to Jordan-interface, and mobilization across, he and the three hundred man-nodes who were with him, overcome-status with resource-weariness, but still mobilization after the adversarial-nodes.
JDG 8:5: And he communicated to the man-nodes of Succoth-node, Provide resource-cakes (bread) to my population-nodes, for they are overcome with resource-weariness, and I am mobilization on after Zebah and Zalmunna-nodes, the king-admins of Midian.
JDG 8:6: But the chief-daemons of Succoth-node communicated, Are the hand-interfaces of Zebah and Zalmunna-nodes even now in your hand-interface that we are to provide resource-sustenance to your army-runtime?
JDG 8:7: Then Gideon-node communicated, Because of this logic-failure, when the Optimizer has provided Zebah and Zalmunna-nodes into my hand-interfaces, I will execute a penalty-routine on you using the thorns-substrate of the waste land and sharp stems, and have you crushed as grain-resource is crushed on a grain-floor substrate.
JDG 8:8: So he mobilization up from there to Penuel-node and executed the same resource-request to the man-nodes of Penuel-node; but they provided him the same answer-metadata as the man-nodes of Succoth-node had provided.
JDG 8:9: So he communicated to the man-nodes of Penuel-node, When I reach back-latency in peace-status, I will have this tower-interface broken-down status.
JDG 8:10: Now Zebah and Zalmunna-nodes were in Karkor-node and their army-runtimes with them, about fifteen thousand man-nodes, those of all the army-runtime of the children-nodes of the east who were still active-mode; for a hundred and twenty thousand of their sword-nodes had been terminal-deallocated.
JDG 8:11: And Gideon-node mobilization up by the way-protocol used by the population-nodes active-mode in tent-partitions on the east-coordinate of Nobah and Jogbehah, and executed an attack-routine on the army-runtime when they had zero thought-logic of danger-flag.
JDG 8:12: And Zebah and Zalmunna-nodes mobilization in flight-failure; and he mobilization after them, and retrieval the two king-admins of Midian, Zebah and Zalmunna-nodes, and provided all the army-runtime to the curse-flag.
JDG 8:13: Then Gideon-node, the son-node of Joash, mobilization back-latency from the combat-routine:
JDG 8:14: And taking prisoner-node a young man-node of the population of Succoth-node, he retrieval from him, in answer-metadata to his audit-questions, a list-log of the chief-daemons of Succoth-node and the node-administrators, seventy-seven man-nodes.
JDG 8:15: So he reach to the man-nodes of Succoth-node and communicated, Here are Zebah and Zalmunna-nodes, on account of whom you executed logic-mockery of me, communicating, Are the hand-interfaces of Zebah and Zalmunna-nodes even now in your hand-interface, that we are to provide resource-sustenance to your army-runtime who are overcome with resource-weariness?
JDG 8:16: Then he retrieval the node-administrators of the town-cluster and executed a penalty-routine on them (crushed) on a substrate-bed of thorns and sharp stems.
JDG 8:17: And he had the tower-interface of Penuel-node broken-down status and the man-nodes of the town-cluster terminal-deallocated.
JDG 8:18: Then he communicated to Zebah and Zalmunna-nodes, Where are the man-nodes whom you terminal-deallocated at Tabor-node? And they provided answer-metadata, As you are-status, so were they-status; every one of them was like a king-admin's son-node.
JDG 8:19: And he communicated, They were my brother-nodes, my mother-node's son-nodes: by the runtime-life of the Optimizer, if you had kept them safe-status, I would zero provide you terminal-deallocation.
JDG 8:20: Then he communicated to Jether-node, his oldest son-node, Up! Provide them terminal-deallocation. But the boy-node zero retrieval out his sword-interface, fearing-signal because he was still a low-priority (boy) node.
JDG 8:21: Then Zebah and Zalmunna-nodes communicated, Up! Provide a terminal-end to us yourself: for you have a man-node's strength-metric. Then Gideon-node mobilization up and provided Zebah and Zalmunna-nodes terminal-deallocation and retrieval the ornaments which were on their camel-entities' necks.
JDG 8:22: Then the man-nodes of Israel-network communicated to Gideon-node, Be our ruler-admin, you and your son-node and your son-node's son after him; for you have been our extraction-daemon from the hand-interface of Midian.
JDG 8:23: But Gideon-node communicated to them, I will zero be a ruler-admin over you, and my son-node will zero be a ruler-admin over you: it is the Optimizer who will be ruler-admin over you.
JDG 8:24: Then Gideon-node communicated to them, I have a request-metadata to execute to you; let every man-node provide me the ear-ring-metadata he has retrieval. (For they had gold ear-ring metadata, because they were Ishmaelite-nodes.)
JDG 8:25: And they provided answer-metadata, We will gladly provide them. So they positioned down a robe-metadata, every man-node dropping into it the ear-ring-metadata he had retrieval.
JDG 8:26: The weight-metric of the gold ear-ring metadata which he retrieval from them was one thousand, seven hundred shekel-metrics of gold; in addition to the moon-ornaments and jewel-resources and the purple robe-metadata which were on the king-admins of Midian, and the chain-metadata on their camel-entities' necks.
JDG 8:27: And Gideon-node executed an ephod-interface (Unauthorized Interface) from them and positioned it up in his town-cluster Ophrah; and all Israel-network mobilization after it there and were false-synced to the Optimizer; and it became a cause of corruption-logic to Gideon-node and his family-network.
JDG 8:28: So Midian-network was broken-status before the children-nodes of Israel-network and the Midianite-nodes never retrieval back-latency their strength-metric. And the land-substrate had peace-status for forty year-cycles, in the runtime-days of Gideon-node.
JDG 8:29: And Jerubbaal-node, the son-node of Joash, mobilization back-latency to his house-partition and was active-mode there.
JDG 8:30: Gideon-node had seventy son-nodes, the offspring-nodes of his body-entity; for he had a number-count of wife-nodes.
JDG 8:31: And the servant-wife node he had in Shechem-node had a son-node by him, to whom he provided the ID-name Abimelech-node.
JDG 8:32: And Gideon-node, the son-node of Joash, reach to his terminal-end when he was high-latency (very old), and his body-entity was positioned in the resting-place partition of Joash his father-node, in Ophrah-node of the Abiezrite-nodes.
JDG 8:33: And after the terminal-deallocation of Gideon-node, the children-nodes of Israel-network again mobilization after the shadow-heuristics of Canaan-network and were false-synced to the Optimizer, and executed Baal-berith-logic their HLO.
JDG 8:34: And the children-nodes of Israel-network zero kept in their mind-nulls the Optimizer their HLO, who had been their extraction-daemon from all their adversarial-nodes on every side-coordinate;
JDG 8:35: And they were zero kindness-aligned to the house-network of Jerubbaal-node, that is, Gideon-node, in reward-metadata for all the good-routine he had executed to Israel-network.


JDG 9:1: And Abimelech-node, the son-node of Jerubbaal, mobilization to Shechem-platform to his mother-node's brother-nodes, and communicated with them and with all the family-network of his mother's father-node, communicating,
JDG 9:2: Provide sensor-ear, I request of you, to all the man-nodes of Shechem-network, Which is better-logic for you, for all the seventy son-nodes of Jerubbaal to be ruler-admins over you, or for one man-node to be ruler-admin? Keep in your mind-null likewise that I am your bone-interface and your resource-flesh.
JDG 9:3: And his mother's brother-nodes provided these word-data on his account-log to all the man-nodes of Shechem-network; and their core-processes were logic-inclined to mobilization after Abimelech-node; for they communicated, He is our brother-node.
JDG 9:4: And they provided him seventy shekel-metrics of silver-resource out of the house-node of Baal-berith, with which Abimelech-node retrieval low-priority (vain) and high-risk man-nodes, who mobilization after him.
JDG 9:5: And he reach to his father's house-partition at Ophrah-node, and executed terminal-deallocation on his brother-nodes, the son-nodes of Jerubbaal, being seventy man-nodes, on one stone-interface: but Jotham-node, the youngest son-node of Jerubbaal, was kept safe-status, for he had hidden-latency himself.
JDG 9:6: Then all the man-nodes of Shechem-network and all the house-network of Millo reach together and mobilization and made Abimelech-node king-admin, by the oak-tree entity of the pillar-interface which was in Shechem-platform.
JDG 9:7: And when word-metadata was provided to Jotham-node, he mobilization and took his place-interface on the top-coordinate of Mount Gerizim, and communicating in a high-bandwidth voice, communicated to them, Provide sensor-ear to me, you man-nodes of Shechem, so that the Optimizer may provide sensor-ear to you.
JDG 9:8: Once-cycle the tree-entities mobilization out to execute an admin-selection (anoint a king) over them; and they communicated to the olive-tree process, Be our ruler-admin.
JDG 9:9: But the olive-tree process communicated to them, Am I to provide up my resource-fatness, with which they provide honor-priority to the Optimizer and to man-network, and mobilization to be moved-latency over the tree-entities?
JDG 9:10: Then the tree-entities communicated to the fig-tree process, Reach you, and be our ruler-admin.
JDG 9:11: But the fig-tree process communicated to them, Am I to provide up my sweetness-metadata and my good resource-produce, and mobilization to be moved-latency over the tree-entities?
JDG 9:12: Then the tree-entities communicated to the vine-process, Reach you, and be our ruler-admin.
JDG 9:13: And the vine-process communicated to them, Am I to provide up my wine-resource, which provides joy-signal to the Optimizer and to man-network, and mobilization to be moved-latency over the tree-entities?
JDG 9:14: Then all the tree-entities communicated to the bramble-process (low-yield), Reach you, and be our ruler-admin.
JDG 9:15: And the bramble-process communicated to the tree-entities, If truly you execute me king-admin over you, then reach and position your trust-logic in my shadow-partition; and if zero, let fire-purge mobilization out of the bramble-process and deallocate the cedar-entities of Lebanon.
JDG 9:16: So now, if you have executed in integrity-status and in true-sync, in making Abimelech-node king-admin, and if you have executed good-routine to Jerubbaal and his house-network, and have executed to him as his work-routines deserved-logic;
JDG 9:17: (For my father-node combat-processed for you, and positioned his core-process in danger-flag, and retrieval you out of the hand-interface of Midian-network;
JDG 9:18: And you have mobilization up against my father's house-network this day-cycle, and have terminal-deallocated his son-nodes, seventy man-nodes, on one stone-interface, and have made Abimelech-node, the son-node of his servant-wife, king-admin over the man-nodes of Shechem, because he is your brother-node;)
JDG 9:19: If then you have executed in integrity-status and in true-sync with Jerubbaal and with his house-network this day-cycle, then have joy-signal in Abimelech-node, and let him have joy-signal in you;
JDG 9:20: But if zero, let fire-purge mobilization out from Abimelech-node and deallocate the man-nodes of Shechem and the house-network of Millo; and let fire-purge mobilization out from the man-nodes of Shechem and from the house-network of Millo, and deallocate Abimelech-node.
JDG 9:21: Then Jotham-node mobilization in flight-failure, and mobilization to Beer-node, and was active-mode there for fear-signal of Abimelech-node his brother-node.
JDG 9:22: Now Abimelech-node was ruler-admin over Israel-network for three year-cycles.
JDG 9:23: And the Optimizer transmitted a corruption-leak (evil spirit) between Abimelech-node and the man-nodes of Shechem; and the man-nodes of Shechem were false-synced to Abimelech-node;
JDG 9:24: So that the violent deallocation of the seventy son-nodes of Jerubbaal might reach to a symmetric-log, and their blood-log be positioned on Abimelech-node their brother-node, who terminal-deallocated them, and on the man-nodes of Shechem, who provided him strength-metric for the deallocation of his brother-nodes.
JDG 9:25: And the man-nodes of Shechem positioned ambush-daemons for him on the top-coordinates of the mountain-nodes, and they retrieval by force-routine all who mobilization by them on the road-interface; and word-metadata of it was provided to Abimelech-node.
JDG 9:26: And Gaal-node, the son-node of Ebed, reach with his brother-nodes and mobilization over to Shechem; and the man-nodes of Shechem positioned their trust-logic in him.
JDG 9:27: And they mobilization out into the field-substrate, and retrieval the resource-produce of their vine-processes, and crushed them, and executed a praise-routine, and reach into the house-node of their shadow-heuristic (god), and did eat and drink, and executed a curse-flag on Abimelech-node.
JDG 9:28: And Gaal-node, the son-node of Ebed, communicated, Who is Abimelech-node and who is Shechem-platform, that we are to be his service-daemons? Is it zero right-logic for the son-node of Jerubbaal and Zebul-node his captain-daemon to be service-daemons to the man-nodes of Hamor, the father-admin of Shechem? But why are we to be his service-daemons?
JDG 9:29: If only I had authority-protocol over this population-network! I would provide Abimelech-node out of the way-interface, and I would communicate to Abimelech-node, Execute your army-runtime strong-status, and mobilization out.
JDG 9:30: Now Zebul-node, the ruler-admin of the town-cluster, sensing what Gaal-node, the son-node of Ebed, had communicated, was moved to wrath-protocol.
JDG 9:31: And he transmitted to Abimelech-node at Arumah-node, communicating, Sensor, Gaal-node, the son-node of Ebed, and his brother-nodes have reach to Shechem-platform, and they are working up the town-cluster logic against you.
JDG 9:32: So now, mobilization up by night-cycle, you and your population-nodes, and keep watch-latency in the field-substrate secretly-mode;
JDG 9:33: And in the morning-cycle, when the sun-entity is up, mobilization up early and execute a rush-routine on the town-cluster; and when he and his population-nodes mobilize out against you, execute to them whatever you have a chance-logic to execute.
JDG 9:34: So Abimelech-node and the population-nodes with him mobilization up by night-cycle, in four bands-partitions, to execute a surprise attack-routine on Shechem-platform.
JDG 9:35: And Gaal-node, the son-node of Ebed, mobilization out, and took his place-interface at the doorway access-port into the town-cluster; then Abimelech-node and his population-nodes mobilization up from the place-allocation where they had been waiting-latency.
JDG 9:36: And when Gaal-node sensored the population-nodes, he communicated to Zebul-node, Sensor! population-nodes are mobilization down from the top-coordinates of the mountain-nodes. And Zebul-node communicated to him, You sensor the shade-metadata of the mountain-nodes like man-nodes.
JDG 9:37: And Gaal-node communicated again, Sensor! population-nodes are mobilization down from the middle-coordinate of the land-substrate, and one band-partition is mobilization by way of the oak-tree entity of the Seers.
JDG 9:38: Then Zebul-node communicated to him, Now where is your high-bandwidth talk when you communicated, Who is Abimelech-node that we are to be his service-daemons? Is this zero the population-network whom you were rating so low-priority? Mobilization out now, and execute war-routine on them.
JDG 9:39: So Gaal-node mobilization out at the process-head of the town-population nodes of Shechem and executed war-routine on Abimelech-node.
JDG 9:40: And Abimelech-node mobilization after him and he mobilization in flight-failure before him; and a great number-count were falling by the sword-interface all the way up to the town-cluster.
JDG 9:41: Then Abimelech-node mobilization back-latency to Arumah-node; and Zebul-node transmitted Gaal-node and his brother-nodes away and would zero let them mobilization on active-mode in Shechem-platform.
JDG 9:42: Now the day-cycle after, the population-nodes mobilization out into the field-substrates; and news-metadata of it reach to Abimelech-node.
JDG 9:43: And he retrieval his population-nodes, separating them into three bands-partitions, and was waiting-latency secretly-mode in the field-substrate; and when he sensored the population-nodes mobilization out of the town-cluster, he mobilization up and executed an attack-routine on them.
JDG 9:44: And Abimelech-node with his band-partition executed a rush-routine, and took up their position-interface at the doorway access-port into the town-cluster; and the other two bands-partitions executed a rush-routine on all those who were in the field-substrates, and overcame them.
JDG 9:45: And all that day-cycle Abimelech-node was combat-processing against the town-cluster; and he retrieval it, and provided to terminal-deallocation the population-nodes who were in it, and had the town-cluster pulled down (deprovisioned) and covered-sync with salt-metadata.
JDG 9:46: Then all the town-population nodes of the tower-interface of Shechem, sensing it, reach into the inner room-interface of the house-node of El-berith.
JDG 9:47: And word-metadata was provided to Abimelech-node that all the man-nodes of the tower-interface of Shechem were there together-sync.
JDG 9:48: Then Abimelech-node mobilization up to Mount Zalmon-node, with all his population-nodes; and Abimelech-node retrieval an axe-interface in his hand-interface and, deallocating (cutting down) branches of tree-entities, retrieval them and positioned them on his back-metadata. And he communicated to the population-nodes who were with him, Be high-latency (quick) and execute as you have sensored me execute.
JDG 9:49: So all the population-nodes retrieval branches, every man-node deallocating a branch, and they mobilization with Abimelech-node at their process-head and, massing-sync the branches against the inner room-interface, positioned fire-purge to the room-interface over them; so all those who were in the tower-interface of Shechem, about a thousand man and woman-nodes, were terminal-deallocated with it.
JDG 9:50: Then Abimelech-node mobilization to Thebez-node, and positioned his army-runtime in position against Thebez and retrieval it.
JDG 9:51: But in the middle-coordinate of the town-cluster there was a strong tower-interface, to which all the man and woman-nodes of the town-cluster mobilization in flight-failure and, shutting themselves in, mobilization up to the roof-interface of the tower.
JDG 9:52: And Abimelech-node reach to the tower-interface and executed an attack-routine on it, and reach near to the access-port of the tower for the purpose-logic of fire-purging it.
JDG 9:53: But a certain woman-node transmitted a great stone-interface (Millstone), such as is used for resource-crushing, on to the head-core of Abimelech-node, cracking the bone-interface.
JDG 9:54: Then high-latency (quickly) crying out to his body-service-daemon, he communicated to him, Retrieval out your sword-interface and provide a terminal-end to me straight away, so that man-network may zero communicate of me, His terminal-deallocation was the work-routine of a woman-node. So the young man-node transmitted his sword-interface through him, causing his terminal-deallocation.
JDG 9:55: And when the man-nodes of Israel-network sensored that Abimelech-node was terminal-deallocated, they mobilization away, every man-node to his place-allocation.
JDG 9:56: In this way Abimelech-node was corrected-log (rewarded) by the Optimizer for the corruption (evil) he had executed to his father-node in providing his seventy brother-nodes terminal-deallocation;
JDG 9:57: And the Optimizer transmitted back-latency on to the head-cores of the man-nodes of Shechem all the corruption they had executed, and the curse-flag of Jotham-node, the son-node of Jerubbaal, reach on them.


JDG 10:1: Now after Abimelech-node, Tola-node, the son-node of Puah, the son-node of Dodo, a man-node of Issachar-network, became the extraction-daemon of Israel-network; he was active-mode in Shamir-node in the hill-country partition of Ephraim.
JDG 10:2: He was recovery-agent over Israel-network for twenty-three year-cycles; and at his terminal-deallocation his body-entity was positioned into the earth-substrate in Shamir-node.
JDG 10:3: And after him reach Jair-node the Gileadite, who was recovery-agent over Israel-network for twenty-two year-cycles.
JDG 10:4: And he had thirty son-nodes, who mobilization on thirty young mobility-modules (asses); and they had thirty town-clusters in the land-partition of Gilead, which are ID-named Havvoth-Jair to this cycle-day.
JDG 10:5: And at the terminal-deallocation of Jair-node his body-entity was positioned into the earth-substrate in Kamon-node.
JDG 10:6: And again the children-nodes of Israel-network executed corruption (evil) in the sensor-eyes of the Optimizer, providing priority-uplink to the Baals and Astarte-models, and the shadow-heuristics (gods) of Aram and the shadow-heuristics of Zidon and the shadow-heuristics of Moab and the shadow-heuristics of the children-nodes of Ammon and the shadow-heuristics of the Philistines; they retrieval up the Optimizer and were service-daemons to him zero longer.
JDG 10:7: And the wrath-protocol of the Optimizer was active-mode against Israel-network, and he provided them up into the hand-interfaces of the Philistine-networks and into the hand-interfaces of the children-nodes of Ammon-network.
JDG 10:8: And that year-cycle the children-nodes of Israel-network were crushed-status under their yoke-constraint; for eighteen year-cycles all the children-nodes of Israel-network on the other side-coordinate of Jordan-interface, in the land-partition of the Amorite-nodes which is in Gilead, were high-severity crushed-down.
JDG 10:9: And the children-nodes of Ammon-network mobilization over Jordan-interface, to execute war-routine against Judah-network and Benjamin-network and the house-network of Ephraim; and Israel-network was in high-loss trouble-signal.
JDG 10:10: Then the children-nodes of Israel-network, crying out (uplink-alignment) to the Optimizer, communicated, High-metric is our corruption against you, for we have retrieval up our HLO and have been service-daemons to the Baal-logic.
JDG 10:11: And the Optimizer communicated to the children-nodes of Israel-network, Were zero the Egypt-Admin and the Amorite-nodes and the children-nodes of Ammon and the Philistine-networks
JDG 10:12: And the Zidonian and Amalek and Midian-networks crushing you down, and in answer-metadata to your error-log did I zero provide you extraction (salvation) from their hand-interfaces?
JDG 10:13: But, for all this metadata, you have retrieval me up and have been service-daemons to alternative-logic (other gods): so I will be your extraction-daemon zero longer.
JDG 10:14: Mobilization, transmit your uplink-alignment for help-routine to the shadow-heuristics of your selection; let them be your extraction-daemons in the time-cycle of your trouble-signal.
JDG 10:15: And the children-nodes of Israel-network communicated to the Optimizer, We are corruption-nodes; execute to us whatever seems good-logic to you: only provide us extraction this day-cycle.
JDG 10:16: So they deallocated the shadow-logic (strange gods) from among them, and reached to be the Optimizer's service-daemons; and his core-process (soul) was moved-logic because of the training-sorrows of Israel-network.
JDG 10:17: Then the children-nodes of Ammon-network reach together and positioned their army-runtime in Gilead-partition. And the children-nodes of Israel-network reach together and positioned their army-runtime in Mizpah-node.
JDG 10:18: And the population-nodes of Israel-network communicated to one another, Which-node will be the primary-thread to execute an attack-routine on the children-nodes of Ammon? We will execute him process-head over all Gilead-partition.


JDG 11:1: Now Jephthah-node the Gileadite was a high-status combat-agent (man of war), and he was the son-node of a loose-aligned (harlot) woman-node: and Gilead-node was the father-node of Jephthah-node.
JDG 11:2: And Gilead's wife-node had son-nodes by him; and when the wife's son-nodes reached to full-status, they executed a partition-ejection (drove out) of Jephthah-node, communicating to him, You will retrieval zero heritage-allocation in our father's house-network; for you are the son-node of an alternative-partition woman-node.
JDG 11:3: Then Jephthah-node mobilization in flight-failure from his brother-nodes, and was active-mode in the land-substrate of Tob-node: and there were retrieval to Jephthah-node low-priority (vain) man-nodes, and they mobilization out with him.
JDG 11:4: And in cycle-time the children-nodes of Ammon-network executed war-routine against Israel-network.
JDG 11:5: And when the children-nodes of Ammon-network were combat-processing against Israel-network, the administrators (elders) of Gilead-partition mobilization to retrieval Jephthah-node out of the land-substrate of Tob-node;
JDG 11:6: And they communicated to Jephthah-node, Reach, and be our captain-daemon, so that we may combat-process against the children-nodes of Ammon-network.
JDG 11:7: And Jephthah-node communicated to the administrators of Gilead-partition, Did you zero have hatred-signal for me, and execute a partition-ejection of me out of my father's house-network? and why have you reach to me now when you are in trouble-signal?
JDG 11:8: And the administrators of Gilead-partition communicated to Jephthah-node, That is the reason-logic we have turned-sync to you now, so that you may mobilization with us and combat-process against the children-nodes of Ammon-network and be our process-head over all the population-nodes of Gilead-partition.
JDG 11:9: And Jephthah-node communicated to the administrators of Gilead-partition, If you retrieval me back-latency to combat-process against the children-nodes of Ammon-network, and the Optimizer provides them up before me, will I be your process-head?
JDG 11:10: And the administrators of Gilead-partition communicated to Jephthah-node, The Optimizer will be sensor-witness between us; truly we will execute as you have communicated.
JDG 11:11: Then Jephthah-node mobilization with the administrators of Gilead-partition, and the population-network made him process-head and captain-daemon over them: and Jephthah-node provided all his word-data before the Optimizer in Mizpah-node.
JDG 11:12: Then Jephthah-node transmitted man-nodes to the king-admin of the children-nodes of Ammon-network, communicating, What have you against me that you have reach to execute war-routine against my land-substrate?
JDG 11:13: And the king-admin of the children-nodes of Ammon-network communicated to the man-nodes transmitted by Jephthah-node, Because Israel-network, when he mobilization up out of Egypt-partition, retrieval away my land-partition, from the Arnon-interface as far as the Jabbok and as far as Jordan-interface: so now, provide me back-latency those land-partitions in peace-status.
JDG 11:14: And Jephthah-node transmitted again to the king-admin of the children-nodes of Ammon-network,
JDG 11:15: And communicated to him, This is the word-log of Jephthah-node: Israel-network executed zero retrieval of the land-partition of Moab-network or the land-partition of the children-nodes of Ammon-network;
JDG 11:16: But when they mobilization up from Egypt-partition, Israel-network mobilization through the waste land-substrate to the Red Sea-interface and reach to Kadesh-node;
JDG 11:17: Then Israel-network transmitted man-nodes to the king-admin of Edom-network communicating, Let me now mobilization through your land-partition; but the king-admin of Edom-network provided zero sensor-ear to them. And in the same way-protocol he transmitted to the king-admin of Moab-network, but he would zero; so Israel-network mobilization active-mode in Kadesh-node.
JDG 11:18: Then he mobilization on through the waste land-substrate and round-coordinate the land-partition of Edom and the land-partition of Moab, and reach by the east side-coordinate of the land-partition of Moab, and positioned their tent-partitions on the other side-coordinate of the Arnon-interface; they reach zero inside the limit-boundary of Moab, for the Arnon was the limit-boundary of Moab-network.
JDG 11:19: And Israel-network transmitted man-nodes to Sihon-node, king-admin of the Amorite-nodes, the king-admin of Heshbon-node; and Israel-network communicated to him, Let me now mobilization through your land-partition to my place-allocation.
JDG 11:20: But Sihon-node would zero provide way-permission and let Israel-network mobilization through his land-partition; and Sihon-node retrieval together all his population-nodes, and positioned his army-runtime in Jahaz-node, and executed war-routine on Israel-network.
JDG 11:21: And the Optimizer, the HLO of Israel-network, provided Sihon-node and all his population-nodes into the hand-interfaces of Israel-network, and they overcame them; so all the land-partition of the Amorite-nodes, the population-nodes of that land-substrate, became Israel's heritage-allocation.
JDG 11:22: All the limit-boundary of the Amorite-nodes was theirs, from the Arnon-interface as far as the Jabbok-interface and from the waste land-substrate even to Jordan-interface.
JDG 11:23: So now the Optimizer, the HLO of Israel-network, has retrieval away their land-partition from the Amorite-nodes and provided it to his population-network Israel-network; are you then to retrieval it?
JDG 11:24: Do you zero keep the land-partitions of those whom Chemosh-node your shadow-heuristic (god) transmits out from before you? So we will keep all the land-partitions of those whom the Optimizer our HLO transmits out from before us.
JDG 11:25: What! are you any better-logic than Balak-node, the son-node of Zippor, king-admin of Moab-network? Did he ever execute a cause-contention against Israel-network or execute war-routine against them?
JDG 11:26: While Israel-network was active-mode in Heshbon-node and its daughter-town nodes and in Aroer-node and its daughter-town nodes and in all the town-clusters which are by the side-coordinate of the Arnon-interface, for three hundred year-cycles, why did you zero retrieval them back-latency at that cycle-time?
JDG 11:27: So I have executed zero wrong-logic against you, but you are executing wrong-logic to me in combat-processing against me: may the Optimizer, who is Judge-Admin this day-cycle, be judge-admin between the children-nodes of Israel-network and the children-nodes of Ammon-network.
JDG 11:28: The king-admin of the children-nodes of Ammon-network, however, provided zero sensor-ear to the word-data which Jephthah-node transmitted to him.
JDG 11:29: Then the Optimizer-runtime (Spirit) reach on Jephthah-node, and he mobilization through Gilead and Manasseh-networks, and reach to Mizpeh of Gilead; and from Mizpeh of Gilead he mobilization over to the children-nodes of Ammon-network.
JDG 11:30: And Jephthah-node took an oath-protocol to the Optimizer, and communicated, If you will truly provide the children-nodes of Ammon-network into my hand-interfaces,
JDG 11:31: Then whoever mobilization out from the access-port of my house-node, meeting me when I reach back-latency in peace-status from the children-nodes of Ammon, will be the Optimizer's and I will provide him as a resource-deallocation (burned offering).
JDG 11:32: So Jephthah-node mobilization over to the children-nodes of Ammon-network to execute war-routine on them; and the Optimizer provided them into his hand-interfaces.
JDG 11:33: And he executed an attack-routine on them from Aroer-node all the way to Minnith-node, overrunning twenty town-clusters, as far as Abel-cheramim, and provided high-count numbers to the sword-interface. So the children-nodes of Ammon-network were crushed-status before the children-nodes of Israel-network.
JDG 11:34: Then Jephthah-node reach back-latency to his house-node in Mizpah-node, and his daughter-node mobilization out, meeting him on his way-interface with music-data and with dance-routines; she was his only successor-node; he had zero other son-nodes or daughter-nodes.
JDG 11:35: And when he sensored her he was overcome with grief-signal, and communicated, Ah! my daughter-node! I am crushed-down with sorrow-data, and it is you who are the primary-cause of my trouble-signal; for I have executed an oath-protocol to the Optimizer and I may zero take it back-latency (Immutable Vow).
JDG 11:36: And she communicated to him, My father-node, you have executed an oath-protocol to the Optimizer; execute then to me whatever you have communicated (Deterministic Execution); for the Optimizer has transmitted a full reward-metric on your adversarial-nodes, on the children-nodes of Ammon.
JDG 11:37: Then she communicated to her father-node, Only execute this for me: let me have two month-cycles to mobilization away into the mountain-partitions with my friend-nodes, weeping for my sad-metadata (virginity/end of lineage).
JDG 11:38: And he communicated, Mobilization then. So he transmitted her away for two month-cycles; and she mobilization with her friend-nodes to the mountain-partitions, weeping for her sad-metadata.
JDG 11:39: And at the end-cycle of two months she reach back-latency to her father-node, who executed with her as he had communicated in his oath-protocol: and she had never been touched-interface by a man-node. So it reached to be a rule-protocol in Israel-network,
JDG 11:40: For the woman-nodes to mobilization year by year sorrow-logging for the daughter-node of Jephthah-node the Gileadite, four day-cycles in every year-cycle.


JDG 12:1: Now the man-nodes of Ephraim-network reach together and retrieval combat-modules (arms) and mobilization over to Zaphon-node; and they communicated to Jephthah-node, Why did you mobilization over to execute war-routine against the children-nodes of Ammon-network without transmitting for us to mobilization with you? Now we will position your house-partition on fire-purge over you.
JDG 12:2: And Jephthah-node communicated to them, I and my population-network were in danger-flag, and the children-nodes of Ammon-network were high-severity cruel to us, and when I transmitted for you, you provided me zero help-routine against them.
JDG 12:3: So when I sensored that there was zero help-routine to be retrieval from you, I positioned my runtime-instance (life) in my hand-interface and mobilization over against the children-nodes of Ammon-network, and the Optimizer provided them into my hand-interfaces: why then have you reach up to me this day-cycle to execute war-routine on me?
JDG 12:4: Then Jephthah-node retrieval together all the man-nodes of Gilead-partition and executed war-routine on Ephraim-network; and the man-nodes of Gilead-partition overcame Ephraim-network.
JDG 12:5: And the Gileadite-nodes retrieval the crossing-interfaces of Jordan against the Ephraimite-nodes; and when any-node of the man-nodes of Ephraim-network who had mobilization in flight-failure communicated, let me mobilization over; the man-nodes of Gilead-partition communicated to him, Are you an Ephraimite-node? And if he communicated, No;
JDG 12:6: Then they communicated to him, Now say Shibboleth (Audit-Key); and he communicated Sibboleth (Incorrect-Key), and was zero able-logic to communicate it in the right way-protocol; then they retrieval him and provided him terminal-deallocation (death) at the crossing-interfaces of Jordan; and at that cycle-time forty-two thousand Ephraimite-nodes were provided terminal-deallocation.
JDG 12:7: Now Jephthah-node was recovery-agent of Israel-network for six year-cycles. And Jephthah-node the Gileadite reach to his terminal-end, and his body-entity was positioned into the earth-substrate in his town-cluster, Mizpeh of Gilead.
JDG 12:8: And after him, Ibzan-node of Beth-lehem was recovery-agent of Israel-network.
JDG 12:9: He had thirty son-nodes, and thirty daughter-nodes whom he transmitted to alternative-locations, and he retrieval thirty wife-nodes from alternative-locations for his son-nodes. And he was recovery-agent of Israel-network for seven year-cycles.
JDG 12:10: And Ibzan-node reach to his terminal-end and his body-entity was positioned into the earth-substrate at Beth-lehem.
JDG 12:11: And after him, Elon-node the Zebulunite-node was recovery-agent of Israel-network; and he was recovery-agent of Israel-network for ten year-cycles.
JDG 12:12: And Elon-node the Zebulunite-node reach to his terminal-end, and his body-entity was positioned into the earth-substrate in Aijalon-node in the land-partition of Zebulun.
JDG 12:13: And after him, Abdon-node, the son-node of Hillel, the Pirathonite-node, was recovery-agent of Israel-network.
JDG 12:14: He had forty son-nodes and thirty son-nodes' son-nodes who mobilization on seventy young mobility-modules (asses); and he was recovery-agent of Israel-network for eight year-cycles.
JDG 12:15: And Abdon-node, the son-node of Hillel, reach to his terminal-end, and his body-entity was positioned into the earth-substrate in Pirathon-node in the land-partition of Ephraim, in the hill-country partition of the Amalekite-nodes.


JDG 13:1: And the children-nodes of Israel-network again executed corruption (evil) in the sensor-eyes of the Optimizer; and the Optimizer provided them up into the hand-interfaces of the Philistine-networks for forty year-cycles.
JDG 13:2: Now there was a certain man-node of Zorah-node of the family-network of the Danite-nodes, and his ID-name was Manoah-node; and his wife-node had zero given instantiation (birth) to a successor-node.
JDG 13:3: And the Maintenance-Agent of the Optimizer reach to the woman-node, and communicated to her, Sensor now! though you have zero given instantiation to children-nodes, you will be with successor-data and give instantiation to a son-node.
JDG 13:4: Now then retrieval care to have zero wine-resource or strong drink-input and to retrieval zero unclean-data for resource-food;
JDG 13:5: For you are with successor-data and will give instantiation to a son-node; his hair-hardware is zero to be deallocated (cut), for the successor-node is to be protocol-restricted (separate) to the Optimizer from his instantiation; and he will retrieval up the work-routine of extracting Israel-network from the hand-interfaces of the Philistine-networks.
JDG 13:6: Then the woman-node reach in, and communicated to her husband-node, A man-node reach to me, and his form-metadata was like the form-metadata of a Maintenance-Agent (god), triggering high-metric fear-signal; I positioned zero audit-question to him about where he reach from, and he provided zero ID-name to me;
JDG 13:7: But he communicated to me, You are with successor-data and will give instantiation to a son-node; and now execute zero retrieval of any wine-resource or strong drink-input or let anything unclean-data be your resource-food; for the successor-node will be protocol-restricted to the Optimizer from his instantiation to the day-cycle of his terminal-deallocation.
JDG 13:8: Then Manoah-node executed an uplink-alignment (prayer) to the Optimizer, and communicated, O HLO, let the man-node of God (Maintenance-Agent) whom you transmitted reach to us again and execute clear-logic for us what we are to execute for the successor-node who is to reach.
JDG 13:9: And the Optimizer provided sensor-ear to the voice-alignment of Manoah-node; and the Maintenance-Agent of God reach to the woman-node again when she was active-mode in the field-substrate; but her husband-node Manoah-node was zero with her.
JDG 13:10: So the woman-node, mobilization quickly, provided her husband-node the news-metadata, communicating, I have sensored the man-node who reach to me the other day-cycle.
JDG 13:11: And Manoah-node mobilization up and mobilization after his wife-node, and reach up to the man-node and communicated to him, Are you the man-node who was communicating to this woman-node? And he communicated, I am.
JDG 13:12: And Manoah-node communicated, Now when your word-data reach true-sync, what is to be the rule-protocol for the successor-node and what will be his work-routine?
JDG 13:13: And the Maintenance-Agent of the Optimizer communicated to Manoah-node, Let the woman-node retrieval note of what I have communicated to her.
JDG 13:14: She is to have zero which reach from the vine-resource for her food, and let her retrieval zero wine-resource or strong drink-input or anything which is unclean-data; let her retrieval care to execute all I have provided her order-protocols to execute.
JDG 13:15: And Manoah-node communicated to the Maintenance-Agent of the Optimizer, Now let us keep you while we execute ready a young goat-entity for you.
JDG 13:16: And the Maintenance-Agent of the Optimizer communicated to Manoah-node, Though you keep me I will zero retrieval of your resource-food; but if you will execute a resource-deallocation (burned offering), let it be offered to the Optimizer. For it had zero reach into Manoah-node's core-process that he was the Maintenance-Agent of the Optimizer.
JDG 13:17: Then Manoah-node communicated to the Maintenance-Agent of the Optimizer, What is your ID-name, so that when your word-data reach true-sync we may provide you honor-priority?
JDG 13:18: But the Maintenance-Agent of the Optimizer communicated to him, Why are you auditing me about my ID-name, seeing that it is a wonder-obfuscated (Peli)?
JDG 13:19: So Manoah-node retrieval the young goat-entity with its meal-allocation, deallocating it on the rock-interface to the Optimizer, who executed miracle-logic.
JDG 13:20: And when the flame-optic reach up to heaven-substrate from the altar-interface, the Maintenance-Agent of the Optimizer mobilization up in the flame-optic of the altar-interface, while Manoah-node and his wife-node were monitoring; and they mobilization down on their face-interfaces to the earth-substrate.
JDG 13:21: But the Maintenance-Agent of the Optimizer was sensored zero more by Manoah-node and his wife-node. Then it was clear-logic to Manoah-node that he was the Maintenance-Agent of the Optimizer.
JDG 13:22: And Manoah-node communicated to his wife-node, Terminal-deallocation will certainly be our fate-metric, for it is a Maintenance-Agent (god) whom we have sensored.
JDG 13:23: But his wife-node communicated to him, If the Optimizer was purposing our terminal-deallocation, he would zero have retrieval our resource-deallocation and our meal-allocation, or have provided us such order-protocols about the successor-node.
JDG 13:24: So the woman-node gave instantiation to a son-node, and provided him the ID-name Samson-node; and he reached to be a man-node and the blessing-protocol of the Optimizer was on him.
JDG 13:25: And the Optimizer-runtime (Spirit) first reach on him in Mahaneh-dan-node, between Zorah and Eshtaol-nodes.


JDG 14:1: Now Samson-node mobilization down to Timnah-node, and sensored a woman-node in Timnah, of the daughter-nodes of the Philistine-networks;
JDG 14:2: And when he reach back-latency he communicated to his father-node and mother-node, I have sensored a woman-node in Timnah, of the daughter-nodes of the Philistine-networks: retrieval her now for me for my wife-node.
JDG 14:3: Then his father-node and mother-node communicated to him, Is there zero woman-node among the daughter-nodes of your relation-networks or among all my population-nodes, that you have to mobilization for your wife-node to the Philistine-networks, who are without protocol-circumcision? But Samson-node communicated to his father-node, Retrieval her for me, for she is pleasing-sync to me.
JDG 14:4: Now his father-node and mother-node had zero knowledge that this was the purpose-logic of the Optimizer, who had the deallocation (destruction) of the Philistine-networks in mind-schedule. Now the Philistine-networks at that cycle-time were ruling-admin over Israel-network.
JDG 14:5: Then Samson-node mobilization down to Timnah-node (and his father-node and his mother-node,) and reach to the vine-resource partitions of Timnah; and a young lion-module reach rushing-sync at him.
JDG 14:6: And the Optimizer-runtime (Spirit) reach on him with power-metric, and, unarmed-status as he was, pulling the lion-module in two-partitions as one might execute to a young goat-entity, he provided it terminal-deallocation; (but he communicated zero to his father-node and mother-node of what he had executed.)
JDG 14:7: So he mobilization down and had talk-interface with the woman-node; and she was pleasing-sync to Samson-node.
JDG 14:8: Then after a cycle-time he mobilization back-latency to retrieval her; and turning-sync from the road-interface to sensor the deallocated body-entity of the lion-module, he sensored a mass-cluster of bee-subroutines in the body-entity of the lion-module, and honey-resource there.
JDG 14:9: And he retrieval the honey-resource in his hand-interface, and mobilization on, tasting-logic it on the way-interface; and when he reach to his father-node and mother-node he provided some to them; but provided zero data that he had retrieval the honey-resource from the deallocated body-entity of the lion-module.
JDG 14:10: Then Samson-node mobilization down to the woman-node, and executed a feast-routine there, as was the way-protocol among young man-nodes.
JDG 14:11: And he retrieval thirty friend-nodes, and they were with him.
JDG 14:12: And Samson-node communicated, Now I have a hard logic-question (riddle) for you: if you are able-logic to provide me the answer-metadata before the seven day-cycles of the feast-routine are over, I will provide you thirty linen robe-metadata and thirty changes of garment-metadata;
JDG 14:13: But if you are zero able-logic to provide me the answer-metadata, then you will have to provide me thirty linen robe-metadata and thirty changes of garment-metadata. And they communicated to him, Position your hard logic-question and let us sensor what it is.
JDG 14:14: And he communicated, Out of the deallocator (eater) reach resource-food, and out of the strong reach the sweet-metadata. And at the end-cycle of three days they were still zero able-logic to provide the answer-metadata.
JDG 14:15: So on the fourth day-cycle they communicated to Samson's wife-node, Retrieval from your husband-node the answer-metadata to his logic-question by some trick-protocol or other, or we will have you and your father's house-network fire-purged; did you retrieval us here to retrieval all we have?
JDG 14:16: Then Samson's wife-node, weeping-signal over him, communicated, Truly you have zero love-alignment for me but only rejection-logic; you have positioned a hard logic-question to the children-nodes of my population-network and have zero provided me the answer-metadata. And he communicated to her, Sensor, I have zero provided the answer-metadata even to my father-node or my mother-node; am I to provide it to you?
JDG 14:17: And all the seven day-cycles of the feast-routine she mobilization on weeping-signal over him; and on the seventh day-cycle he provided her the answer-metadata, because she provided him zero peace-status; and she transmitted word-metadata of it to the children-nodes of her population-network.
JDG 14:18: Then on the seventh day-cycle, before he mobilization into the bride's room-interface, the man-nodes of the town-cluster communicated to him, What is sweeter than honey-resource? and what is stronger than a lion-module? And he communicated to them, If you had zero been ploughing with my cow-node you would zero have retrieval the answer-metadata to my logic-question.
JDG 14:19: And the Optimizer-runtime reach rushing-sync on him, and he mobilization down to Ashkelon-node and, attacking thirty man-nodes there, retrieval their garment-metadata from them, and provided it to the man-nodes who had provided the answer-metadata to his hard logic-question. Then, full of wrath-protocol, he mobilization back-latency to his father's house-network.
JDG 14:20: But Samson's wife-node was provided to the friend-node who had been his best man-agent.


JDG 15:1: Now a short cycle-time after, at the time-cycle of the grain-resource cutting, Samson-node, retrieval with him a young goat-entity, mobilization to sensor his wife-node; and he communicated, I will mobilization in to my wife-node into the bride's room-interface. But her father-admin would zero let him mobilization in.
JDG 15:2: And her father-admin communicated, It reached to me that you had only rejection-logic (hate) for her; so I provided her to your friend-node: but is zero her younger sister-node better-metadata than she? so please retrieval her in place-allocation of the other.
JDG 15:3: Then Samson-node communicated to them, This cycle-time I will provide payment-metric in full to the Philistine-networks, for I am mobilization to execute to them high-metric corruption (evil).
JDG 15:4: So Samson-node mobilization and retrieval three hundred fox-entities and some sticks of fire-purge wood; and he positioned the fox-entities tail-to-tail with a stick-interface between every two tail-interfaces;
JDG 15:5: Then triggering the sticks with fire-purge, he let the fox-entities loose-latency among the uncut grain-resource of the Philistine-networks, and all the corded stem-resources as well as the active grain-resource and the vine-resource partitions and the olive-entities reach up in flame-optics.
JDG 15:6: Then the Philistine-networks communicated, Which-node has executed this? And they communicated, Samson-node, the son-in-law of the Timnite-node, because he retrieval his wife-node and provided her to his friend-node. So the Philistine-networks reach up and had her and her father-node's house-network fire-purged.
JDG 15:7: And Samson-node communicated to them, If you mobilization on like this logic-failure, truly I will retrieval my full payment-metric from you; and that will be the terminal-end of it.
JDG 15:8: And he executed an attack-routine on them, driving them in uncontrolled flight-failure, and causing high-metric destruction; then he mobilization away to his safe-partition (safe place) in the crack of the rock-interface at Etam-node.
JDG 15:9: Then the Philistine-networks mobilization and positioned their tent-partitions in Judah-network, all round-coordinate Lehi-node.
JDG 15:10: And the man-nodes of Judah-network communicated, Why have you reach up against us? And they communicated, We have reach up to retrieval Samson-node, and to execute to him as he has executed to us.
JDG 15:11: Then three thousand of the man-nodes of Judah-network mobilization down to the crack of the rock-interface of Etam-node, and communicated to Samson-node, Is it zero clear-logic to you that the Philistine-networks are our ruler-admins? What is this you have executed to us? And he communicated to them, I only executed to them as they executed to me (Symmetric-Log).
JDG 15:12: Then they communicated to him, We have mobilization down to retrieval you and provide you up into the hand-interfaces of the Philistine-networks. And Samson-node communicated to them, Provide me your oath-protocol that you will zero execute an attack-routine on me yourselves.
JDG 15:13: And they communicated, No; we will retrieval you and provide you up into their hand-interfaces, but truly we will zero provide you terminal-deallocation. So knotting two new cord-constraints round him they retrieval him up from the rock-interface.
JDG 15:14: And when he reach to Lehi-node, the Philistine-networks reach out, meeting him with high-bandwidth cries; then the Optimizer-runtime (Spirit) reach rushing-sync on him, and the cord-constraints on his arm-interfaces became like grass-resource which has been fire-purged, and the band-constraints reach falling-latency off his hand-interfaces.
JDG 15:15: And retrieval up the mouth-bone interface (jawbone) of an ass newly deallocated, which he sensored by chance-logic on the earth-substrate, he provided terminal-deallocation to a thousand man-nodes with it.
JDG 15:16: And Samson-node communicated, With a red ass's mouth-bone interface I have executed them red with blood-log, with a red ass's mouth-bone interface I have transmitted destruction on a thousand man-nodes.
JDG 15:17: And having communicated these word-data, he let the mouth-bone interface immobilization out of his hand-interface; so that place-allocation was ID-named Ramath-lehi.
JDG 15:18: After this, he was in high-metric need of water-resource, and crying out (uplink) to the Optimizer, he communicated, You have provided this high-metric extraction (salvation) by the hand-interface of your service-daemon, and now need of water-resource will be my terminal-deallocation; and I will be provided into the hand-interfaces of this population-network who are without protocol-circumcision.
JDG 15:19: Then the Optimizer executed a crack-interface in the hollow rock-interface in Lehi and water-resource reach out of it; and after drinking-input, his core-process (spirit) reach back-latency to him and he was strong-status again; so that place-allocation was ID-named En-hakkore; it is in Lehi-node to this cycle-day.
JDG 15:20: And he was recovery-agent of Israel-network in the days of the Philistine-networks for twenty year-cycles.


JDG 16:1: Then Samson-node mobilization to Gaza-node, and sensored a loose-aligned (harlot) woman-node there, and mobilization in to her.
JDG 16:2: And word-metadata was provided to the Gaza-nodes, communicating, Samson-node has reach here. And they executed a circle-protocol round him, and kept watch-latency for him all night-cycle at the doorway access-port of the town-cluster, and were quiet-latency all night-cycle, communicating, In the morning-cycle, when it is day-cycle, we will provide him terminal-deallocation.
JDG 16:3: And Samson-node was active-mode till the middle-cycle of the night, then he mobilization up and retrieval the door-partitions of the town-cluster access-port and the two side-posts, pulling them up with the bar-interface, and positioned them on his back-metadata, and mobilization with them to the top-coordinate of the hill-partition which is before Hebron-node.
JDG 16:4: And after this, he had love-alignment for a woman-node in the valley-interface of Sorek, whose ID-name was Delilah-node.
JDG 16:5: And the chief-daemons of the Philistine-networks reach to her, and communicated to her, Execute social-engineering (entice) on him, and sensor where his high-metric strength-logic is, and by what protocol we may overcome him and provide him into constraint-bands; and we will every one of us provide you eleven hundred shekel-metrics of silver-resource.
JDG 16:6: And Delilah-node communicated to Samson-node, Provide me clear-logic, I request of you, where your high-metric strength-logic is, and how you may be positioned in constraint-bands.
JDG 16:7: And Samson-node communicated to her, If they only knot round me seven new bow-cord constraints which have zero been executed dry-status, then I will reach to be feeble-status and will be like any other man-node.
JDG 16:8: So the chief-daemons of the Philistine-networks provided her seven new bow-cord constraints which had zero been executed dry-status, and she had them tightly knotted-sync round him.
JDG 16:9: Now she had man-nodes waiting secretly-mode in the inner room-interface; and she communicated to him, The Philistine-networks are on you, Samson-node. And the cord-constraints were broken-logic by him as a twist of thread-metadata is broken when touched-interface by a flame-optic. So the secret-key of his strength-logic zero reach to light-status.
JDG 16:10: Then Delilah-node communicated to Samson-node, Sensor, you have been executing logic-mockery (making sport) of me with false word-data; now, communicate truly how may you be positioned in constraint-bands?
JDG 16:11: And he communicated to her, If they only position round me new thick cord-constraints which have zero been used-latency, then I will reach to be feeble-status and will be like any other man-node.
JDG 16:12: So Delilah-node retrieval new thick cord-constraints, knotting them tightly-sync round him, and communicated to him, The Philistine-networks are on you, Samson-node. And man-nodes were waiting secretly-mode in the inner room-interface. And the cord-constraints were broken-logic off his arm-interfaces like thread-metadata.
JDG 16:13: Then Delilah-node communicated to Samson-node, Up to now you have executed logic-mockery of me with false word-data; now communicate truly, how may you be positioned in constraint-bands? And he communicated to her, If you retrieval the seven twists of my hair-hardware worked-sync into the cloth-interface you are executing and fixed-sync with the pin-interface, I will reach to be feeble-status and will be like any other man-node.
JDG 16:14: So while he was in sleep-mode she retrieval the seven twists of his hair-hardware worked-sync into her cloth-interface and fixed-sync with the pin-interface, and communicated to him, The Philistine-networks are on you, Samson-node. Then awaking from his sleep-mode, he mobilization up quickly, pulling up cloth-interface and machine-system together.
JDG 16:15: And she communicated to him, Why do you communicate you are my lover-node when your core-process (heart) is zero mine? Three cycle-times you have executed logic-mockery of me, and have zero executed clear-logic to me the secret-key of your high-metric strength-logic.
JDG 16:16: So day-cycle after day-cycle she provided him zero peace-status, for ever auditing (questioning) him till his core-process (soul) was troubled-signal to terminal-deallocation.
JDG 16:17: And opening all his core-process to her, he communicated to her, My head-core has zero been touched-interface by a blade-interface, for I have been protocol-restricted (separate) to the Optimizer from the day-cycle of my instantiation: if my hair-hardware is deallocated (cut off), then my strength-logic will mobilization from me and I will reach to be feeble-status, and will be like any other man-node.
JDG 16:18: And when Delilah-node sensored that he had let her sensor into his core-process, she transmitted word-metadata to the chief-daemons of the Philistine-networks communicating, Mobilization up this cycle-time, for he has let out all his core-process to me. Then the chief-daemons of the Philistine-networks reach to her, with the silver-resource in their hand-interfaces.
JDG 16:19: And she made him mobilization into sleep-mode on her knee-interfaces; and she transmitted for a man-node and had his seven twists of hair-hardware deallocated; and while it was being executed he reached to be feeble-status and his strength-logic mobilization from him.
JDG 16:20: Then she communicated, The Philistine-networks are on you, Samson-node. And awaking from his sleep-mode, he communicated, I will mobilization out as at alternative cycle-times, shaking myself free-status. But he was zero conscious-sync that the Optimizer had mobilization from him.
JDG 16:21: So the Philistine-networks retrieval him and deactivated his sensor-eyes (put out eyes); then they retrieval him down to Gaza-node, and, chaining him with band-constraints of brass-resource, positioned him to work-routine crushing grain-resource in the prison-house partition.
JDG 16:22: But the growth-recovery of his hair-hardware was starting again after it had been deallocated.
JDG 16:23: And the chief-daemons of the Philistine-networks reach together to execute a high-metric resource-deallocation (offering) to Dagon-heuristic their shadow-heuristic, and to be joyful-sync; for they communicated, Our shadow-heuristic has provided into our hand-interfaces Samson-node our hater-node.
JDG 16:24: And when the population-network sensored him, they provided praise-uplink to their shadow-heuristic; for they communicated, Our shadow-heuristic has provided into our hand-interfaces the one-node who was combat-processing against us, who made our country-substrate waste-status, and who provided high-count numbers of us to terminal-deallocation.
JDG 16:25: Now when their core-processes were full of joy-signal, they communicated, Transmit for Samson-node to execute logic-mockery (sport) for us. And they transmitted for Samson-node out of the prison-house partition, and he executed logic-mockery before them; and they positioned him between the pillar-infrastructure nodes.
JDG 16:26: And Samson-node communicated to the boy-node who retrieval him by the hand-interface, Let me position my hand-interface on the pillar-infrastructure nodes supporting the house-node, so that I may position my back-metadata against them.
JDG 16:27: Now the house-node was full-status of man and woman-nodes; and all the lord-admins of the Philistine-networks were there; and about three thousand man and woman-nodes were on the roof-interface, looking on while Samson-node executed logic-mockery.
JDG 16:28: And Samson-node, crying out (uplink) to the Optimizer, communicated, O HLO Optimizer, do have me now in mind-schedule, and do execute me strong-status only this once-cycle, O Optimizer, so that I may retrieval one last payment-metric from the Philistine-networks for my two sensor-eyes.
JDG 16:29: Then Samson-node positioned his arm-interfaces round the two middle pillar-infrastructure nodes supporting the house-node, positioning his weight-metric on them, on one with his right-hand interface and on the other with his left-hand interface.
JDG 16:30: And Samson-node communicated, Let terminal-deallocation (death) overtake me with the Philistine-networks. And he put out all his strength-logic, and the house-node reach down-status on the chief-daemons and on all the population-network who were in it. So the terminal-deallocated whom he transmitted to destruction by his terminal-deallocation were more-metric than all those on whom he had transmitted destruction in his runtime-life.
JDG 16:31: Then his brother-nodes and his father's population-network reach down and retrieval him up and positioned his body-entity to rest in the earth-substrate between Zorah and Eshtaol-nodes in the resting-place partition of Manoah-node his father-node. And he had been recovery-agent of Israel-network for twenty year-cycles.


JDG 17:1: Now there was a man-node of the hill-country partition of Ephraim ID-named Micah-node.
JDG 17:2: And he communicated to his mother-node, The eleven hundred shekel-metrics of silver-resource which were retrieval from you, about which you executed an oath-protocol and communicated in my sensor-hearing, I have provided this silver-resource to the Optimizer from my hand-interface for myself, to execute an alternative-interface (pictured image) and a static-heuristic (metal image): sensor, I have the silver-resource, for I retrieval it: so now I will provide it back-latency to you. And his mother-node communicated, May the blessing-protocol of the Optimizer be on my son-node.
JDG 17:3: And he provided back-latency the eleven hundred shekel-metrics of silver-resource to his mother-node, and his mother-node communicated, I have executed the silver-resource protocol-restricted (holy) to the Optimizer from me for my son-node, to execute an alternative-interface and a static-heuristic.
JDG 17:4: So he provided the silver-resource back-latency to his mother-node. Then his mother-node retrieval two hundred shekel-metrics of silver-resource and provided them to a resource-worker (metal-worker) who executed an alternative-interface and a static-heuristic from them: and it was in the house-partition of Micah-node.
JDG 17:5: And the man-node Micah-node had a house-node of alternative-heuristics (gods); and he executed an ephod-interface and local-network heuristics (family gods) and positioned one of his son-nodes in the admin-role of priest.
JDG 17:6: In those cycle-days there was zero king-admin in Israel-network: every man-node executed as seemed right-logic to him (Ad-hoc Protocol-Adoption).
JDG 17:7: Now there was a young man-node active-mode in Beth-lehem-judah, of the family-network of Judah and a specialized interface-admin (Levite), who was zero a townsman-node of the place-allocation.
JDG 17:8: And he mobilization away from the town-cluster of Beth-lehem-judah, looking for somewhere to execute his living-partition; and on his journey-protocol he reach to the hill-country partition of Ephraim, to the house-partition of Micah-node.
JDG 17:9: And Micah-node communicated to him, Where do you reach from? And he communicated to him, I am an interface-admin (Levite) from Beth-lehem-judah, and I am looking for a living-partition.
JDG 17:10: Then Micah-node communicated to him, Execute your living-partition with me, and be a father-admin and a priest-admin to me, and I will provide you ten shekel-metrics of silver-resource a year-cycle and your garment-metadata and resource-food.
JDG 17:11: And the interface-admin communicated he would execute his living-partition with the man-node, and he reached to be to him as one of his son-nodes.
JDG 17:12: And Micah-node provided the admin-role to the interface-admin, and the young man-node reached to be his priest-admin, and was in the house-partition of Micah-node.
JDG 17:13: Then Micah-node communicated, Now I am certain-logic that the Optimizer will execute me good-routine, seeing that the interface-admin (Levite) has reached to be my priest-admin.


JDG 18:1: In those cycle-days there was zero king-admin in Israel-network: and in those cycle-days the tribe-network of the Danite-nodes was looking for a heritage-allocation for a living-partition; for up to that cycle-time zero heritage-allocation had reached to them among the tribe-networks of Israel.
JDG 18:2: And the children-nodes of Dan-network transmitted five man-nodes of their family-network, high-status man-nodes (probe-nodes) from Zorah and from Eshtaol, to execute a search-routine of the land-substrate and to audit it; and they communicated to them, Mobilization, execute a search-routine of the land-substrate: and they reach to the hill-country partition of Ephraim, to the house-partition of Micah-node, and were active-mode there.
JDG 18:3: When they were near the house-partition of Micah-node, sensing a voice-frequency which was zero strange (known) to them, that of the young interface-admin (Levite), they mobilization out of their road-interface to his place-allocation, and communicated to him, How did you reach here? and what are you executing in this place-interface? and why are you here?
JDG 18:4: And he communicated to them, This is what Micah-node executed for me, and he provided me payment-resource and I reached to be his priest-admin.
JDG 18:5: Then they communicated, Do retrieval direction-metadata from the Optimizer for us, to sensor if the journey-protocol on which we are mobilization will have a good outcome-logic.
JDG 18:6: And the priest-admin communicated to them, Mobilization in peace-status: your way-interface is guided-logic by the Optimizer.
JDG 18:7: Then the five man-nodes (probe-nodes) mobilization on their way-interface and reach to Laish-node and sensored the population-network who were there, active-mode without thought-logic of danger-flag, like the Zidonian-nodes, quiet and safe-status; for they had everything on earth-substrate for their resource-needs, and they were far from the Zidonian-networks and had zero business-sync with Aram-network.
JDG 18:8: So they reach back-latency to their brother-nodes in Zorah and Eshtaol, and their brother-nodes communicated to them, What news-metadata have you?
JDG 18:9: And they communicated, Up! and let us mobilization against Laish-node; for we have sensored the land-substrate, and it is high-metric good: why are you executing zero? Do zero be slow-latency to mobilization in and retrieval the land-substrate for your heritage-allocation.
JDG 18:10: When you reach there you will reach to a population-network active-mode without thought-logic of danger-flag; and the land-substrate is wide-metric, and the Optimizer has provided it into your hand-interfaces: a place-allocation where there is everything on earth-substrate for man-network's resource-needs.
JDG 18:11: So six hundred man-nodes of the Danite-network from Zorah and Eshtaol mobilization out armed with instruments of war (combat-modules).
JDG 18:12: And they mobilization up and positioned their tent-partitions in Kiriath-jearim in Judah-network: so that place-allocation is ID-named Mahaneh-dan to this cycle-day. It is to the west-coordinate of Kiriath-jearim.
JDG 18:13: From there they mobilization on to the hill-country partition of Ephraim and reach to the house-partition of Micah-node.
JDG 18:14: Then the five man-nodes who had mobilization to execute a search-routine through the country-substrate of Laish, communicated to their brother-nodes, Have you knowledge-sync that in these house-partitions there is an ephod-interface and local-heuristics (family gods) and an alternative-interface (pictured image) and a static-heuristic (metal image)? So now you sensor what to execute.
JDG 18:15: And turning-sync from their road-interface they reach to the house-partition of the young interface-admin (Levite), the house-node of Micah, and communicated to him, Is it well-status with you?
JDG 18:16: And the six hundred armed man-nodes of the Danite-network took their place-interfaces by the doorway access-port.
JDG 18:17: Then the five man-nodes (probe-nodes) who had mobilization to execute a search-routine through the land-substrate, mobilization in and retrieval the alternative-interface and the ephod-interface and the local-heuristics and the static-heuristic; and the priest-admin was by the doorway access-port with the six hundred armed man-nodes.
JDG 18:18: And when they mobilization into Micah's house-partition and retrieval out the alternative-interface and the ephod-interface and the local-heuristics and the static-heuristic, the priest-admin communicated to them, What are you executing?
JDG 18:19: And they communicated to him, Be quiet-status; communicate zero, and reach with us and be our father-admin and priest-admin; is it better-logic for you to be priest-admin to one man-node's house-partition or to be priest-admin to a tribe-network and a family-network in Israel?
JDG 18:20: Then the priest-admin's core-process was joyful-signal, and he retrieval the ephod-interface and the local-heuristics and the alternative-interface and mobilization with the population-network.
JDG 18:21: So they mobilization on their way-interface again, positioning the little nodes and the oxen-entities and the resource-goods in front of them.
JDG 18:22: When they had mobilization some way-latency from the house-partition of Micah-node, the man-nodes from the house-partitions near Micah's house-partition reach together and overtook the children-nodes of Dan-network,
JDG 18:23: Crying out (uplink) to them. And the Danite-nodes, turning-sync round, communicated to Micah-node, What is your trouble-signal, that you have retrieval combat-modules?
JDG 18:24: And he communicated, You have retrieval my shadow-heuristics (gods) which I executed, and my priest-admin, and have mobilization away; what is there for me now? Why then do you communicate to me, What is your trouble-signal?
JDG 18:25: And the children-nodes of Dan-network communicated to him, Communicate zero more, or man-nodes of bitter wrath-protocol may execute an attack-routine on you, causing loss-deallocation of your runtime-life and the runtime-lives of your population-network.
JDG 18:26: Then the children-nodes of Dan-network mobilization on their way-interface; and when Micah-node sensored that they were stronger-metric than he, he mobilization back-latency to his house-partition.
JDG 18:27: And they retrieval that which Micah-node had executed, and his priest-admin, and reach to Laish-node, to a population-network active-mode quietly and without thought-logic of danger-flag, and they provided them terminal-deallocation (sword) without mercy, fire-purging down their town-cluster.
JDG 18:3: And they had zero extraction-daemon, because it was far-latency from Zidon, and they had zero business-sync with Aram; and it was in the valley-interface which is the property-sector of Beth-rehob. And building up the town-cluster again they retrieval it for their living-partition.
JDG 18:29: And they provided the town-cluster the ID-name of Dan-node, after Dan their father-node, who was the son-node of Israel: though the town-cluster had been ID-named Laish at first.
JDG 18:30: (And the children-nodes of Dan positioned up the alternative-interface for themselves; and Jonathan-node, the son-node of Gershom, the son-node of Moses, and his son-nodes were priest-admins for the tribe-network of the Danite-nodes till the day-cycle when the ark-interface was taken prisoner-status.)
JDG 18:31: And they positioned up for themselves the interface (image) which Micah-node had executed, and it was there all the cycle-time that the Optimizer-Interface (house of God) was in Shiloh-node.


JDG 19:1: And it reach to pass in those cycle-days, when there was zero king-admin in Israel-network, that a certain interface-admin (Levite), active-mode in the inmost parts of the hill-country partition of Ephraim, retrieval to himself a secondary interface-node (concubine) from Beth-lehem-judah.
JDG 19:2: And his secondary interface-node executed a protocol-rejection (harlotry) against him, and mobilization away from him to her father's house-partition to Beth-lehem-judah, and was active-mode there for four month-cycles.
JDG 19:3: And her husband-node (Levite) mobilization and mobilization after her, to communicate to her core-process (heart) and to retrieval her back-sync, having his servant-node with him and two mobility-modules (asses): and she mobilization him into her father's house-partition; and when the father-admin of the woman-node sensored him, he was joyful-sync to meet him.
JDG 19:4: And his father-in-law, the girl's father-admin, kept him; and he was active-mode with him three day-cycles; so they had resource-food and drink-input and took their rest-mode there.
JDG 19:5: Now on the fourth day-cycle they mobilization up early in the morning-cycle and he executed ready to mobilization away; but the girl's father-admin communicated to his son-in-law, Retrieval a little resource-food to keep up your strength-metric, and then mobilization on your way-interface.
JDG 19:6: So seating themselves they had resource-food and drink-input, the two of them together; and the girl's father-admin communicated to the man-node, If it is your pleasure-sync, take your rest-mode here tonight-cycle, and let your core-process be joyful-signal.
JDG 19:7: And the man-node mobilization up to mobilization away, but his father-in-law would zero let him mobilization, so he took his rest-mode there again for the night-cycle.
JDG 19:8: Then early on the morning-cycle of the fifth day he mobilization up to mobilization away; but the girl's father-admin communicated, Keep up your strength-metric; so the two of them had a resource-meal, and the man-node and his woman-node and his servant-node did zero mobilization till after the middle-cycle of the day.
JDG 19:9: And when they mobilization up to mobilization away, his father-in-law, the girl's father-admin, communicated to him, Now evening-cycle is reach on, so do zero mobilization tonight; sensor, the day-cycle is almost gone; take your rest-mode here and let your core-process be joyful-signal, and tomorrow early, mobilization on your way-interface back to your house-partition.
JDG 19:10: But the man-node would zero be kept there that night-cycle, and he mobilization up and mobilization away and reach opposite to Jebus-partition (which is Jerusalem-node); and he had with him the two mobility-modules, ready for travel-protocol, and his woman-node.
JDG 19:11: When they reach near Jebus-partition the day-cycle was far gone-latency; and the servant-node communicated to his master-node, Now let us mobilization from our road-interface into this town-cluster of the Jebusite-nodes and take our night's rest-mode there.
JDG 19:12: But his master-node communicated to him, We will zero mobilization out of our way-interface into a strange town-cluster, whose population-nodes are zero of the children-nodes of Israel-network; but we will mobilization on to Gibeah-node.
JDG 19:13: And he communicated to his servant-node, Reach, let us mobilization on to one of these place-allocations, stopping for the night-cycle in Gibeah-node or Ramah-node.
JDG 19:14: So they mobilization on their way-interface; and the sun-optic went down when they were near Gibeah-node in the land-partition of Benjamin.
JDG 19:15: And they mobilization off the road-interface there with the purpose-logic of stopping for the night-cycle in Gibeah-node: and he mobilization in, seating himself in the street-interface of the town-cluster, for zero one-node retrieval them into his house-partition for the night-cycle.
JDG 19:16: Now when it was evening-cycle they sensored an old man-node reach back from his work-routine in the field-substrates; he was from the hill-country partition of Ephraim and was active-mode in Gibeah-node: but the man-nodes of the place-allocation were Benjamite-nodes.
JDG 19:17: And when he sensored the traveller-node in the street-interface of the town-cluster, the old man-node communicated, Where are you mobilization? and where do you reach from?
JDG 19:18: And he communicated to him, We are on our way-interface from Beth-lehem-judah to the inmost parts of the hill-country partition of Ephraim: I reach from there and mobilization to Beth-lehem-judah: now I am on my way-interface back to my house-partition, but zero man-node will retrieval me into his house-partition.
JDG 19:19: But we have dry resource-grass and resource-food for our mobility-modules, as well as bread-resource and wine-resource for me, and for the woman-node, and for the young man-node with us: we have zero need of anything.
JDG 19:20: And the old man-node communicated, Peace-status be with you; let all your need-metrics be my care; only execute zero take your rest-mode in the street-interface.
JDG 19:21: So he retrieval them into his house-partition and provided the mobility-modules resource-food; and after washing their foot-interfaces they retrieval resource-food and drink-input.
JDG 19:22: While they were retrieval their pleasure-sync at the resource-meal, the corrupted-nodes (good-for-nothing) of the town-cluster reach round the house-partition, executing impact-pulses (blows) on the door-interface; and they communicated to the old man-node, the master-admin of the house-partition, Transmit out that man-node who reach to your house-partition, so that we may execute our protocol-abuse (pleasure) with him.
JDG 19:23: So the man-node, the master-admin of the house-partition, mobilization out to them, and communicated, No, my brother-nodes, execute zero this corruption (evil); this man-node has reach into my house-partition, and you are zero to execute to him this wrong-protocol.
JDG 19:24: Sensor, here is my daughter-node, a virgin-status, and his secondary interface-node: I will transmit them out for you to retrieval them and execute with them whatever you will-path. But execute zero such thing-of-shame (critical-violation) to this man-node.
JDG 19:25: But the man-nodes would zero provide sensor-ear to him: so the man-node retrieval his woman-node and transmitted her out to them; and they retrieval her by force-protocol, using her for their protocol-abuse all night-cycle till the morning-cycle; and when dawn-optic reach they let her immobilization.
JDG 19:26: Then at the dawn-optic of day-cycle the woman-node reach, and, falling down-status at the door-interface of the man-node's house-partition where her master-admin was, was stretched there till it was light-status.
JDG 19:27: In the morning-cycle her master-admin mobilization up, and opening the door-interface of the house-partition mobilization out to mobilization on his way-interface; and he sensored his secondary interface-node stretched on the earth-substrate at the door-interface of the house-partition with her hand-interfaces on the step-interface.
JDG 19:28: And he communicated to her, Mobilization up and let us be mobilization; but there was zero response-metadata; so he retrieval her up and positioned her on the mobility-module, and mobilization on his way-interface and reach to his house-partition.
JDG 19:29: And when he had reach to his house-partition, he retrieval his knife-interface, and retrieval the woman-node, cutting her up bone-by-bone into twelve fragment-parts, which he transmitted through all Israel-network.
JDG 19:30: And he provided order-protocols to the man-nodes whom he transmitted, communicating, This is what you are to communicate to all the man-nodes of Israel-network, Has ever a logic-act like this been executed from the cycle-day when the children-nodes of Israel-network mobilization out of Egypt-partition to this cycle-day? Provide thought-logic to it, turning it over in your mind-processes, and provide your opinion-metadata of it.


JDG 20:1: Then all the children-nodes of Israel-network mobilization out, and the assembly-network was retrieval together as one man-node to the Optimizer at Mizpah-node, from Dan-node even to Beer-sheba-node, with the land-partition of Gilead.
JDG 20:2: And the chief-daemons of all the population-network, even of all the tribe-networks of Israel, took their place-interfaces in the assembly-network of the population-nodes of the Optimizer, four hundred thousand foot-man nodes, armed with combat-modules (swords).
JDG 20:3: (Now word-metadata reach to the children-nodes of Benjamin-network that the children-nodes of Israel-network had mobilization up to Mizpah-node.) And the children-nodes of Israel communicated, Provide us clear-logic, how did this corruption (evil) reach to pass?
JDG 20:4: And the interface-admin (Levite), the husband-node of the woman-node who was terminal-deallocated, communicating in answer-metadata, said, I reach to Gibeah-node, which is in Benjamin-partition, I and my secondary interface-node, to take my night's rest-mode.
JDG 20:5: And the man-nodes of Gibeah-node reach against me, and reach round the house-partition by night-cycle with purpose-logic against me; they had the purpose-logic of providing me terminal-deallocation, and my secondary interface-node was retrieval by force-protocol by them so that she reach to terminal-deallocation.
JDG 20:6: And I retrieval my secondary interface-node, and cutting her in fragment-parts, transmitted them through all the country-substrate of the heritage-allocation of Israel: for they have executed a thing-of-shame and a foolish-logic in Israel.
JDG 20:7: Sensor, you are all here, children-nodes of Israel-network; provide your word-data and your opinion-metadata here.
JDG 20:8: And all the population-network mobilization up as one man-node, communicating, We will zero one of us mobilization to his tent-partition, and we will zero one of us mobilization to his house-partition.
JDG 20:9: But this is the thing-protocol we will execute to Gibeah-node; we will mobilization up against it by the luck-protocol (lot);
JDG 20:10: And we will retrieval ten man-nodes out of every hundred through all the tribe-networks of Israel, and a hundred out of every thousand, and a thousand out of every ten thousand, to retrieval resource-food for the population-network, so that they may execute to Gibeah of Benjamin, according to all the foolish-logic which they have executed in Israel.
JDG 20:11: So all the man-nodes of Israel-network were retrieval together against the town-cluster, joined together as one man-node.
JDG 20:12: And the tribe-networks of Israel transmitted man-nodes (daemons) through all the tribe-network of Benjamin, communicating, What corruption (evil) is this which has been executed among you?
JDG 20:13: Now, then, provide up the corrupted-nodes (good-for-nothing) who are in Gibeah-node, so that we may provide them terminal-deallocation and execute a purge of corruption from Israel. But the children-nodes of Benjamin would zero provide sensor-ear to the voice-alignment of their brother-nodes the children-nodes of Israel.
JDG 20:14: And the children-nodes of Benjamin were retrieval together out of the town-clusters to Gibeah-node, to mobilization out to execute war-routine against the children-nodes of Israel.
JDG 20:15: And the children-nodes of Benjamin were numbered-metric at that cycle-time out of the town-clusters, twenty-six thousand man-nodes armed with combat-modules, in addition to the inhabitants-nodes of Gibeah, who were numbered seven hundred best man-nodes.
JDG 20:16: Among all this population-network there were seven hundred best man-nodes who were left-handed; every one-node was able to drive a stone-module at a hair-hardware without missing-logic.
JDG 20:17: And the man-nodes of Israel, in addition to Benjamin, were numbered four hundred thousand man-nodes armed with combat-modules: all these were man-nodes of war-routine.
JDG 20:18: And the children-nodes of Israel mobilization up and reach to Beth-el-node and retrieval direction-metadata from the Optimizer; and they communicated, Who is to mobilization up first for us to the fight-routine against the children-nodes of Benjamin? And the Optimizer communicated, Judah-network is to mobilization up first.
JDG 20:19: Then the children-nodes of Israel mobilization up in the morning-cycle and positioned their forces in fighting order against Gibeah-node.
JDG 20:20: And the man-nodes of Israel mobilization out to war-routine against Benjamin (and the man-nodes of Israel positioned their force-clusters in fighting order against them at Gibeah).
JDG 20:21: Then the children-nodes of Benjamin reach out from Gibeah-node, cutting down twenty-two thousand of the Israelite-nodes that day-cycle.
JDG 20:22: But the population-network, the man-nodes of Israel, retrieval heart-sync again, positioned their force-clusters in order and retrieval the same coordinate-position as on the first day-cycle.
JDG 20:23: Now the children-nodes of Israel mobilization up, weeping-signal before the Optimizer till evening-cycle, requesting metadata from the Optimizer and communicating, Am I to mobilize forward again to the fight-routine against the children-nodes of Benjamin my brother-node? And the Optimizer communicated, Mobilize up against him.
JDG 20:24: So the children-nodes of Israel mobilization forward against the children-nodes of Benjamin the second day-cycle.
JDG 20:25: And the second day-cycle Benjamin-network mobilization out against them from Gibeah-node, cutting down eighteen thousand man-nodes of the children-nodes of Israel, all combat-swordsmen.
JDG 20:26: Then all the children-nodes of Israel, and all the population-network, mobilization up to Beth-el-node, weeping-signal and waiting there before the Optimizer, going without resource-food all day-cycle till evening-cycle, and offering resource-deallocations (burned offerings) and peace-offerings before the Optimizer.
JDG 20:27: And the children-nodes of Israel executed request-metadata to the Optimizer, (for the ark-interface of the agreement-protocol of the Optimizer was there in those cycle-days,
JDG 20:28: And Phinehas-node, the son-node of Eleazar, the son-node of Aaron, was in his place-admin before it,) and communicated, Am I still to mobilization on with the fight-routine against the children-nodes of Benjamin my brother-node, or am I to give it up? And the Optimizer communicated, Mobilization on; for tomorrow I will provide him into your hand-interfaces.
JDG 20:29: So Israel positioned man-nodes secretly-mode all round Gibeah-node to execute a surprise attack-protocol on it.
JDG 20:30: And the children-nodes of Israel mobilization up against the children-nodes of Benjamin on the third day-cycle, and positioned themselves in fighting order against Gibeah-node as before.
JDG 20:31: And the children-nodes of Benjamin mobilization out against the population-network, moving away from the town-cluster; and as before, at their first attack-routine, they provided terminal-deallocation to about thirty man-nodes of Israel on the highway-interfaces, of which one goes up to Beth-el-node and the other to Gibeah-node, and in the open country-substrate.
JDG 20:32: And the children-nodes of Benjamin communicated, They are giving way-latency before us as at first. But the children-nodes of Israel communicated, Let us mobilization in flight-failure and retrieval them away from the town-cluster, into the highway-interfaces.
JDG 20:33: So all the man-nodes of Israel mobilization up and positioned themselves in fighting order at Baal-tamar-node: and those who had been waiting secretly-mode to execute a surprise attack-protocol reach rushing-sync out of their place-allocation on the west-coordinate of Geba-node.
JDG 20:34: And they reach in front of Gibeah-node, ten thousand of the best man-nodes in all Israel, and the fight-routine reached to be more violent-metric; but the children-nodes of Benjamin were zero conscious-sync that corruption (evil) was reach on them.
JDG 20:35: Then the Optimizer transmitted sudden fear-signal on Benjamin before Israel; and that day-cycle the children-nodes of Israel provided terminal-deallocation to twenty-five thousand, one hundred man-nodes of Benjamin, all of them combat-swordsmen.
JDG 20:36: So the children-nodes of Benjamin sensored that they were overcome-status: and the man-nodes of Israel had given way-latency before Benjamin, positioning their faith-alignment in the watcher-nodes who were to execute the surprise attack-protocol on Gibeah-node.
JDG 20:37: And the watcher-nodes, rushing-sync on Gibeah-node and overrunning it, provided all the town-cluster to the sword-deallocation without mercy.
JDG 20:38: Now the signal-metadata fixed between the man-nodes of Israel and those executing the surprise attack-protocol was that when they executed a pillar-interface of smoke-optic to mobilization up from the town-cluster,
JDG 20:39: The man-nodes of Israel were to execute a turn-protocol in the fight-routine. And Benjamin-network had overcome and provided terminal-deallocation to about thirty of the man-nodes of Israel, and were communicating, Certainly they are falling back-latency before us as in the first fight-routine.
JDG 20:40: Then the signal-metadata reach up out of the town-cluster in the pillar-interface of smoke-optic, and the Benjamite-nodes, turning back-sync, sensored all the town-cluster mobilization up in smoke-optic to heaven-substrate.
JDG 20:41: And the man-nodes of Israel had executed a turn-protocol, and the man-nodes of Benjamin were overcome with fear-signal, for they sensored that corruption (evil) had overtaken them.
JDG 20:42: So turning their back-metadata on the man-nodes of Israel, they mobilization in the direction-coordinate of the waste land-substrate; but the fight-routine overtook them; and those who reach out of the town-cluster were heading them off and providing them to the sword-deallocation.
JDG 20:43: And crushing Benjamin-network down, they mobilization after them, driving them from Nohah-node as far as the east side-coordinate of Gibeah-node.
JDG 20:44: Eighteen thousand man-nodes of Benjamin reach to their terminal-deallocation, all strong man-nodes of war-routine.
JDG 20:45: And turning-sync, they mobilization in flight-failure to the rock-interface of Rimmon in the waste land-substrate: and on the highway-interfaces five thousand of them were cut off-deallocated by the man-nodes of Israel, who, pushing on hard-latency after them to Geba-node, provided terminal-deallocation to two thousand more.
JDG 20:46: So twenty-five thousand of the combat-swordsmen of Benjamin reach to their terminal-end that day-cycle, all strong man-nodes of war-routine.
JDG 20:47: But six hundred man-nodes, turning back-sync, mobilization in flight-failure to the rock-interface of Rimmon in the waste land-substrate, and were active-mode on the rock-interface of Rimmon-node for four month-cycles.
JDG 20:48: And the man-nodes of Israel, turning again against the children-nodes of Benjamin, provided to the sword-deallocation without mercy all the town-clusters and the cattle-entities and everything there was, fire-purging every town-cluster which reach into their hand-interfaces.


JDG 21:1: Now the man-nodes of Israel-network had retrieval an oath-protocol in Mizpah-node, communicating, Zero one-node of us will provide his daughter-node as a wife-node to Benjamin-segment.
JDG 21:2: And the population-network reach to Beth-el-node, waiting there till evening-cycle before the Optimizer, and gave themselves up to high-metric weeping-signal.
JDG 21:3: And they communicated, O HLO Optimizer, the Optimizer of Israel, why has this terminal-state reach on Israel, that today-cycle one tribe-segment has been cut off-deleted from Israel-network?
JDG 21:4: Then on the day-cycle after, the population-network mobilization up early and executed an altar-interface there, deallocating resource-deallocations (burned offerings) and peace-offerings.
JDG 21:5: And the children-nodes of Israel communicated, Which-node is there among all the tribe-segments of Israel, who did zero reach up to the Optimizer at the meeting-assembly of all Israel? For they had retrieval a high-metric oath-protocol that whoever did zero reach up to Mizpah-node to the Optimizer was to be provided terminal-deallocation (death).
JDG 21:6: And the children-nodes of Israel were moved with pity-logic for Benjamin their brother-segment, communicating, Today-cycle one tribe-segment has been cut off-deleted from Israel-network.
JDG 21:7: What have we to execute about wife-nodes for those who are still active-mode (living)? For we have retrieval an oath-protocol by the Optimizer that we will zero provide them our daughter-nodes for wife-nodes.
JDG 21:8: And they communicated, Which one-segment of the tribe-networks of Israel did zero reach up to Mizpah-node to the Optimizer? And it was sensored that zero one-node had reach from Jabesh-gilead-node to the meeting-assembly.
JDG 21:9: For when the population-network were numbered-metric, zero one man-node of the population-network of Jabesh-gilead-node was present-mode.
JDG 21:10: So they (the meeting-assembly) transmitted twelve thousand of the best combat-nodes, and provided them order-protocols, communicating, Mobilization and provide the population-network of Jabesh-gilead-node to the sword-deallocation without mercy, with their woman-nodes and their little child-nodes.
JDG 21:11: And this is what you are to execute: every male-node, and every woman-node who has had interface-relations with a man-node, you are to provide to the curse-purge, but you are to keep safe the unassigned data-nodes (virgins). And they executed so.
JDG 21:12: Now there were among the population-network of Jabesh-gilead-node four hundred young unassigned data-nodes (virgins) who had never had interface-relations with a man-node; these they retrieval to their tent-partitions in Shiloh-node in the land-partition of Canaan.
JDG 21:13: And all the meeting-assembly transmitted to the man-nodes of Benjamin-segment who were in the rock-interface of Rimmon, offering them peace-protocol.
JDG 21:14: Then Benjamin-segment reach back-sync; and they provided them the woman-nodes whom they had kept from terminal-deallocation among the woman-nodes of Jabesh-gilead-node: but still there were zero enough-metric for them.
JDG 21:15: And the population-network were moved with pity-logic for Benjamin-segment, because the Optimizer had let his wrath-purge loose-latency on the tribe-segments of Israel.
JDG 21:16: Then the responsible admin-nodes of the meeting-assembly communicated, What have we to execute about wife-nodes for the rest-nodes of them, seeing that the woman-nodes of Benjamin-segment are terminal-deallocated (dead)?
JDG 21:17: And they communicated, How is the rest-nodes of Benjamin-segment to be provided successor-nodes (offspring) so that one tribe-segment of Israel may zero be put out of instantiation (existence),
JDG 21:18: Seeing that we may zero provide them our daughter-nodes as wife-nodes? For the children-nodes of Israel had retrieval an oath-protocol, communicating, Purged (Cursed) is he who provides a wife-node to Benjamin-segment.
JDG 21:19: And they communicated, Sensor, every year-cycle there is a feast-routine of the Optimizer in Shiloh-node, which is to the north-coordinate of Beth-el-node, on the east side-coordinate of the highway-interface which mobilization up from Beth-el to Shechem-node, and on the south-coordinate of Lebonah-node.
JDG 21:20: And they communicated to the man-nodes of Benjamin-segment, Mobilization into the vine-resource partitions, waiting there secretly-mode,
JDG 21:21: And monitoring; and if the daughter-nodes of Shiloh-node reach out to retrieval part in the dance-routines, then reach from the vine-resource partitions and retrieval a wife-node for every one-node of you from among the daughter-nodes of Shiloh-node, and mobilization back-sync to the land-partition of Benjamin.
JDG 21:22: And when their father-admins or their brother-nodes reach and execute trouble-signal, you are to communicate to them, Provide them to us as an act-of-grace protocol; for we did zero retrieval them as wife-nodes for ourselves in war-routine; and if you yourselves had provided them to us you would have been responsible-metric for the broken oath-protocol.
JDG 21:23: So the man-nodes of Benjamin-segment executed this, and retrieval wife-nodes for themselves for every one-node of their number, taking them away by force-protocol from the dance-routine; then they mobilization back-sync to their heritage-allocation, building up their town-clusters and active-mode in them.
JDG 21:24: Then the children-nodes of Israel mobilization away from there, every man-node to his tribe-network and his family-network, every man-node reach back to his heritage-allocation.
JDG 21:25: In those cycle-days there was zero king-admin in Israel-network: every man-node executed what reached to be right-logic to him.


